## One

His mother was a potter.  His father was a builder.  They both made things, but the things they made were made from things. His mother made them using clay that she found near the edge of the city, next to the lake to the east, into which the great river ran.  His father made them using trees that he and his team of men cut down from the great forest near the lake, and stone that was cut out of the mountains to the north. The things his mother made were sold at market, sometimes for money, but mostly for food.  The things his father made were sold to whoever needed them. His father was not paid for what he made, but paid for his work.  His father worked all day, and he rarely saw his father.  His mother worked all day as well, though she worked inside their home, a home which his father had built.  He saw her often, though she did not see him.

As for him, he did not work.  He was far too young to work yet.  He was young, at least, by the standards of his people.  Merely one hundred and seventy years old.  They were a long-lived people.  They lived on a planet that long ago had been named Co'aktus, the meaning of which was only known to those who named it.  Sadly, none of them remain.

They lived in a small city, with small houses, small roads, and small carriages pulled by small horses.  They were not true horses, not actual living things, but mechanical ones, metal ones, that floated in the air. They didn't look like horses, even, but they called them that.  They were spheres that came in many different colors.  All the colors normal folk can see, and even colors that they couldn't.  The carriages, too, and the houses, and the people, and the pots, and the food, came in many different colors. The mystery, at least to the boy, was how they came to be.

His name was Antuvir.  He had tried his hand at building things, mainly things made of metal.  At first, he'd wanted to try to build with wood and stone like his father, but it never quite worked out.  If, perhaps, his father could teach him, he would be able to do it better, but his father had no time for that.  He'd wanted, at the very least, to go and watch his father and his team as they worked, so that perhaps he might learn how it was done.  His mother had said it was too dangerous.  He'd also tried to build with clay, like his mother did, but he had merely succeeded in making a mess of his mother's materials.  His mother had also found she was unable to teach him, as she had no technique to pass on.  When she went to make pots, she never tried.  She never toiled.  She just made them, and she wasn't sure how.  Therefore, he settled on trying to build things with metal pieces, junk parts of horses that had been discarded that he found at the scrapyard.  He hadn't made anything substantial yet, but he worked on it every day.  His mother encouraged him.  She knew nothing of building with metal, but she knew that he could create something wonderful if he put his mind to it.  He certainly tried.

His mother's name was Li'al. She came from a small family who had migrated to the city they now lived in when she was only forty-seven.  His father's name was Kathfolir, and his family had lived and worked in this city for generations. Antuvir, though he had lived here his whole life, felt no great connection to this city, for he had always been quite solitary and had never actually met his neighbors.  He thought that perhaps if he did meet them, he would learn more of creating and building, but he never had the courage to introduce himself.  He merely stayed inside, building things the best he knew how, and learning from his own mistakes. 

At the 15th  hour, on the 12th  and final day of the week, someone came to their door.  He was a tall man, wearing a long cloak with a hood that hid his face.  He never gave his name, but immediately asked to speak with Antuvir's mother.  If his father had been home, he wouldn't even have asked to speak with him.  He didn't care about his father in the slightest. A man who did not have much place in the boy's life was of no importance to him. The woman who did, who he had spent the most time around, who had shaped his childhood, she was who he was interested in speaking to. She accepted, though with trepidation.

He had forgone the traditional greetings, had skipped all pleasantries, and had entirely ignored all standards of politeness that were common to their society. He merely asked to speak with her, and began by saying,

"I wish to speak to you of the Fos Brashbif."

The Fos Brashbif were, in short, the political and, one could say, religious leaders of the people. They weren't the political leaders in every sense, because there were other political representatives for the people, but everyone knew where the real power lay.  They styled themselves as political advisors, but their "advice" was always heeded and never questioned. Never questioned, at least, by anyone wishing to remain in this country.  There were those who were called Co'ak'fol, the outcasts of society, those who had been sent away for questioning the Fos Brashbif's counsel, who everyone knew of but never spoke about. No one knew where they were cast out to, but it was certainly far enough away that they were never seen again. 

This political function of the Fos Brashbif was, by Co'aktan standards, a recent development, however. They had always been, in a sense, the spiritual leaders of the people, the protectors of the secrets of the mind, which they studied, used, and developed over their long lives.  They lived longer than most Co'aktans, several hundred years longer, and thus also had much longer memories.  The powers of the mind that they possessed were incredible and amazing to the people, but they were feared as much as they were respected.  Of course, very few outside of the Order of FosBrashbif had actually seen them use these powers.  Any stories of powers they actually possessed were rumors and hearsay.

It was of these, the Fos Brashbif and their powers, that the stranger had come to speak. He'd obviously come to speak only to the boy's mother, and not to him, because as soon as he entered he shoved the boy outside.  If the boy had been older, he probably would have found this man to be the rudest Co'aktans he'd ever met.  Since he was still young, and hadn't met many Co'aktans, he simply found him incredibly intriguing. There was a small window in the front of the house through which he could watch his mother and the stranger speak, though he could hear nothing.  His father was very particular about the houses that he built; they must all have very thick, soundproof walls.  There was already enough gossip in the city, his father had said.  They didn't need it being corroborated by eavesdroppers. Thus, the boy would have a very difficult time trying to figure out who the stranger was, and why he wanted to speak to his mother, and what they were speaking about. Therefore, he merely watched.

There wasn't much to see. They were seated across the table from each other and appeared to discuss whatever it was very calmly. After a few minutes, the stranger got up and looked as though he was preparing to leave. Antuvir ran to the side of the house so as not to be seen as the stranger departed.  He wasn't. The stranger walked down the street, on his way to wherever it was that he had come from. The boy asked his mother what the stranger had come to discuss, and she told him it wasn't important. Not something a boy his age should concern himself with. She quickly changed the subject and asked him if he had made anything today. He said he had, but it wasn't finished yet, so he didn't want to reveal it to her. Perhaps tomorrow.

He had lied, of course.  He hadn’t made anything that day, due to the enormous distraction of the stranger coming to see his mother.  He made a new creation the next day, more quickly than he ever had.  Interestingly, it was far better than he had ever made, as well.  His mother was impressed. She said that it would most likely fetch quite a sum of money, that was if he wanted to sell it.  He did, because he needed the money to buy better tools, and because he never had any sentimental attachments to his creations.  They were just things.  He liked making them, but they were only objects to him, just like his mother’s pots and his father’s buildings. Just things.

The stranger didn’t show up for another month.  Antuvir made several new creations during that time, and sold them all.  None of them sold for nearly as much as he had hoped, but it was enough to get him some new tools and better materials. He was right in the middle of starting something new when a knock, the same knock he had heard a month before, and which he recognized, sounded from the front of the house. It was a distinctive knock, not a knock one easily forgets.  It was again at the 15th hour, on the 12th day of the week, exactly a month after the stranger’s first visit.  His father happened to be home for the moment and he answered the door. The stranger again asked for the boy’s mother, and asked that they be allowed to speak privately.  His father looked at the stranger skeptically, and then at his mother.  His mother said that it would be alright and that the stranger meant no harm.  His father said that he had to get going anyway, touched the boy’s mother’s hand, and left.  The stranger asked if there was anyone else in the house that could hear them.  His mother said that she was fairly certain Antuvir was still inside, in the back of the house in his small workshop, and that she would go and tell him to go outside so that they could converse privately.  Antuvir now saw his chance.  He hid in the best place he could find, behind a pile of scraps, and tried to stay as still and as quiet as possible.  His mother came into the workshop, did not see him, probably assumed that he had left just a minute ago, and went back to the front of the house to speak to the stranger.

Kathfolir, Antuvir’s father, was very particular to make sure that no one outside the house could hear what was going on inside the house.  However, he also wanted to make sure that if anyone was speaking inside the house that it could be heard throughout the house.  He didn’t like people in two different rooms to have to yell to each other at the tops of their lungs just to get their attention.  This worked to Antuvir’s advantage, because it meant that even though his mother and the Stranger were speaking in very hushed tones, he could still hear what they said.

“Do you remember what I told you last time?” the stranger asked.

“Yes, yes, about the Co'ak'fol.  I remember,” his mother replied.

“Not just them, but what they plan to do to the Fos Brashbif.”

“Of course I remember all of that.  How could I forget?  You come here and frighten me with your stories of outcast uprisings, and you expect me to forget?  I haven’t been able to get it out of my mind the entire month! I’ve been afraid that it could happen at any time!”

“I understand that this is quite overwhelming for you…”

“To say the least,” his mother interjected. She obviously wasn't in the mood to discuss things as calmly as she had appeared to last time.

“…But I have tried to speak to others with relations on the outside, and none of them have been at all receptive. I need someone who can travel freely inside the city, and who understands the plight of those outside.”

“Look, I told you that my parents moved here with me when I was only 47, and I’m not sure exactly where we came from.  They could have been Co'ak'fol, but I have no idea.”

“In the time that I was gone, using the information that you gave me, I was able to find out about your parents.  They *were* Co'ak'fol. I am sure of it. I know which settlement they came from.  I am still not sure how it was they sneaked in and took up residence in the city without being caught, however.”

"I've told you that I don't remember any of that.  I didn't know anything about outcasts or even the Fos Brashbif until I was much older.  All I knew was that we were moving.  My mother must have done most of the sneaking around, if there was any, because I spent most of my time with my father, and nothing ever seemed out of the ordinary with him." This was something with which that the stranger seemed to be quite perturbed, as if he was expecting her to remember something that would be useful to him.

"I do not know what other assurances I can give.  That aside, I still need someone to help, as this will affect not only the Fos Brashbif, but anyone living inside the city. Not only will there be a political upheaval, but destruction of property, illness, and death.  The Co'ak'fol have developed their minds to do things that people in the city cannot even imagine.  It is for that very reason that they have been banished. I myself have learned quite a bit, but I am nowhere near as powerful as the leader of the faction that wants to take on the Fos Brashbif."

"Yes, I'm aware of all of that, but what can someone like me do, who has no power and no training whatsoever?"

"I know you asked that last time, and at the time I had nothing I could tell you..  In the month since we last spoke, I have been developing a plan along with another Co'ak'fol friend of mine.  There is still not much that I can tell you, but there is certainly much I can show you.” Neither of them spoke for a moment.  Since Antuvir was hiding behind the pile of scraps, he couldn’t see whatever it was that the stranger was trying to show to his mother. He wasn’t sure if he should try to move out from behind the scraps or not.  He knew that he could be quiet enough, that he wouldn’t knock into anything or make any noise, and it seemed that if the stranger was showing something to his mother that they would be focused on whatever it was, and not on him.  Still, he had the feeling that he should stay where he was, just in case.

“There, you see?” the stranger said.

“Yes, it’s amazing! I see…  wait, is that…?” his mother started to ask.

“Indeed.  That is where you grew up, is it not?”

“I remember!  It does look a bit different, though.”

“Yes, what we are looking at is what it looks like right now.  It is a Co'ak'fol settlement, far outside the city.”

“Near where you live?” his mother asked.

“Not very near, no.  An entirely separate settlement.  There are quite a few, as I told you before.  I was not able to go there, but from your descriptions, and through this method of seeing, or Peering, I was able to find it.”

“Incredible…  but how?”

“This is one of the simplest of Fos Brashbif abilities, called Peering.  Your parents never taught it to you?”

“What?  No, they were never able to do anything like that.”

“Hmm.  That was probably only what they told you.  All Co'ak'fol can at the very least do this, and most Co'ak'fol children in our settlement begin learning as early as 20. I imagine that if your parents wanted to move to the city and start a new life, they at least did not want you to become an outcast for any reason.” There was a pause.  “Li’al, do you know who the Co'ak'fol really are?”

“What do you mean?” his mother asked.

“Do you know why they are cast out?”

“I’d always been told that it was for questioning or speaking against the Fos Brashbif.”

“In a sense, yes. It is far more than that, however.  I think before I move on I should…” At that moment, Kathfolir returned.  Antuvir heard a quick shuffling around, and the door opening.

“Sorry for interrupting anything,” Kathfolir said.

“Oh, no, not at all,” the stranger said.

“Just had to come back and get something.  Forgot one of my tools.  Must have lent it to Antuvir.  Probably in the back.” In the back.  Where Antuvir happened to be hiding.  It was also the very tool Antuvir happened to be holding in his hand.  He had been using it when the stranger arrived.  He’d taken the time to find himself a hiding place, but not anywhere to put his tool.  Now his father needed it, and would search the entire workshop in order to find it.  Unfortunately, he would most likely also find Antuvir, who wasn’t actually supposed to be there.  He set the tool down where he was, then went out the back door as quickly and as quietly as he could.  He didn’t know which way his father would come out, so he went entirely out of sight of the house and took a stroll through town.  That meant he wouldn’t get to hear the rest of the conversation, about who the Co'ak'fol really were, why they were cast out, his mother’s connection to them, what they were planning, and everything else.  It was an enormous amount to take in.  He also regretted not being able to see what it was that the stranger had been doing, how he had been showing his mother where she grew up before she moved to the city.  He called it Peering.  He called it a Fos Brashbif ability.

In an instant, Antuvir finally understood something.  He’d always been told that the Fos Brashbif could see and hear everything, that they knew everything that was going on in the city.  He had always been afraid, as had his friends, that if they did anything wrong the Fos Brashbif would come and get them, and throw them out of the city.  He never knew how they did this, though he had always been told that they had special powers of the mind.  Now he knew.  Peering.  That’s what the stranger had called it.  He had said it was one of the simplest abilities.  Antuvir had always imagined that the ability to see and hear anything going on anywhere must be the greatest power one could ever possess, and must take great discipline to master.  Apparently it wasn’t very difficult at all.

Then, a new fear gripped him.  How did he know, and how did the stranger know, that the Fos Brashbif weren’t watching them now?  Perhaps the stranger knew it was a possibility, but was desperate and had to take the chance.  Unfortunately, he now risked not only himself, but his mother.  And what if they had seen Antuvir hiding, listening to it all?  Would he be held responsible as well?  Would they simply banish the entire family either way?  He didn’t know what to do.  He couldn’t speak to his mother without revealing that he had been hiding, eavesdropping.  He couldn’t tell his father without revealing everything about himself and his mother, which he was sure the stranger would not want to do.  There was no way he could speak to the stranger…  or was there?

He quickly walked back to his house, hoping that the stranger was still there.  As soon as his house was in view, he could see that the stranger was just leaving.  Antuvir slowed his pace trying to keep the stranger in view, but not wanting to get too close just yet.  It wasn’t too hard to keep up with him, as he didn’t walk too fast, although he didn’t walk too slowly either.  Antuvir guessed that he didn’t want to appear to be in too much of a hurry, but not appear to be lingering too long in any one place.  Before he knew it, he and the stranger were on the outskirts of the city.  The stranger still hadn’t noticed him, or if he had he didn’t show any signs of it.  They came to the edge of the city, where there was no one around, and hardly any buildings.  Antuvir continued to follow the stranger over the empty grasslands.  He hadn’t been outside the city very often.  In fact, it had only been once, when he was seventy-nine, when he’d wandered away from his parents and gotten lost.  He remembered that time, and the moment when he realized that he was lost, and nothing looked familiar, and everything appeared so open and empty.  It had paralyzed him with fear.  Now, it felt entirely different.  It was freeing.  Outside the city, it was so beautiful, with the clear sky above him, the grass beneath him, and the trees around him.  It was as if he had passed over into an entirely different world.  He looked around and marveled.  He actually forgot that he was still supposed to be following the stranger.  That was, of course, a mistake.

At first, he didn't notice anything strange. Then he noticed that he was no longer moving and was, in fact, not even able to move.  Then he saw the stranger walking towards him.  He did not appear to be very happy.

"You should not be here.  You should go back home," he said. Antuvir wasn't sure how he would do that, as he had somehow been frozen in place.

"If you think I shouldn't be here, why am I being held here?" Antuvir asked.

“You were caught in a trap,” the stranger said.

“A trap?  Set by who?”

“I cannot be sure.  The Fos Brashbif have some set in order to prevent the Co'ak'fol from getting back into the city.  The Co'ak'fol have some set in order to prevent the city folk from invading our settlements.  Do not worry.  You can always move backward.  It will just not allow you to move any farther forward.”

“Then how did you get past it?”

“I am not sure why the Fos Brashbif set these traps for us, because they are incredibly easy to avoid as long as you know how to see them.  It is, of course, very effective in keeping city folk out of our settlements, as none of them have any idea what they look like and most likely have never even heard of such a thing.” While he was speaking of city folk generally, the stranger was obviously referring to Antuvir specifically. “Why did you follow me?”

“To find out more about you, and where you came from, and what you were talking to my mother about.”

“That is nothing for an adolescent to concern himself with.  Just go back to your home, to your mother and father, and continue developing your creative talents.  That will serve you far better than trying to learn about mysterious outcasts.”

“But how does it not concern me?  It concerns my mother.  It must concern the whole family.  It might concern the whole city.” Antuvir wasn’t sure he should have added in that last part.

“Boy, in the future, if I ever see you again, I will make it my top priority to teach you how to not give yourself away so easily.”

“What do you mean?”

“The only way you would think that what I was discussing with your mother concerned the entire city  would be if you had been spying on our conversation.” Antuvir felt embarrassed.

“So, if I hadn’t said anything…”

“No, I already knew that you were hiding in the back until your father barged in, but there is no reason for you not to keep up appearances.  That is why I waited to discuss the important matters until you were gone, and didn’t speak in any specifics.” Antuvir felt even more embarrassed. “I was impressed by how long it took for you to leave, however.  I felt sure that my demonstration of Peering would draw you out.” Antuvir now seriously regretted not looking when he had the chance, since now he knew it was all a ruse anyway.

“So…  why didn’t you just say something?  Why not just tell my mother that you knew I was hiding?” Antuvir asked.

“I prefer to let other people handle their own children,” the stranger replied.  “Look, it should be obvious by now that you cannot follow me any farther.  It should also be obvious that you will learn nothing by asking me about it.  As I said before, go home.  You will get nowhere, literally, by continuing on this path.” The stranger turned around walked away from Antuvir and away from the city.  Antuvir stood there, bewildered, and watched him until he disappeared into the trees.  He backed up, turned around, and walked back to the city, wondering how it was that he would find out more about what was going on.
