Galtinus was, for all intents and purposes, the head of the Order of Fos Brasbif. In reality, there was no head of the Order.  There were those who were older and who had more experience, but no one considered oneself to be in any kind of position of power over any other. Galtinus had, in one way or another, been elected to the position of head of the Order, however, and when he spoke, all in the order listened and obeyed. He had not chosen this, and if asked, he would not have chosen this. It was chosen for him.  Therefore, he had to figure out what it was that he would do about it.

There were many factions within the Order, and many times the factions overlapped.  Galtinus chose not to ally himself with any of them, though he was familiar with all of them.  Five factions were the largest and most prominent: the Fos Kol, or the Seers, who spent most of their time Peering at anything and everything; The Fos Sohk, or the Wise, those who felt it was most important to increase in wisdom and knowledge and not necessarily practice Fos Brasbif abilities; The Fos Foln, or the Young, those who were chiefly concerned with the discovery of new Fos Brasbif abilities; The Fos Frin, or the Old, those who felt the Order should concern itself with the old ways, and the abilities that had already been learned, and not try to forge new ground; and the Fos Cohn, or the Walls, those who were responsible for banishing city folk and sending them to a Co’ac’fol settlement.  There were some other small yet prominent factions, such as the Fos Brif, who most enjoyed Fos Brasbif martial arts, and the Fos Ril, who used their abilities to create artwork.  The smaller factions, however, usually just went about their business and bothered no one.  The Five Factions, on the other had, held sway with important decisions within the Order.  This was why they called on Galtinus, to settle disputes.  As Galtinus was not extremely concerned with the interests of any of the factions, he could be impartial, which is why he imagined he had been chosen.  Of course, he had refrained from allying himself with any of the factions in order to stay out of their petty disputes, and now he had to be involved in all of them.  It was tiring.

The Order had convened a meeting to discuss a certain troubling matter that had arisen.  The meeting was held in the large, central, circular conference room.  A representative from each of the Five Factions was present.  Representatives from some of the smaller factions had also been sent.  Most of the Order, however, would simply Peer into the conference room to watch the proceedings.  The representatives sat around a large, ovular conference table.  Thankfully, there was no disagreement among the factions that this was an important issue.  Apparently a few of the Seers had noticed some suspicious activity that was taking place involving the movements of the Co’ac’fol.  The Walls were obviously interested, and had readily agreed to convene the meeting.  The Wise were a bit annoyed, as they did not mind the Co’ac’fol much, but the news sounded dangerous to the entire city, and not just to the Order.  The Old and Young were also, on this rare occasion, in agreement.  To Galtinus, it seemed that they finally had some kind of unanimity of opinion.  The Order, and the city, and the city folk, were in danger.

“We are not aware of the specific plans of any of the Co’ac’fol,” said the representative from the Seers, “but we have been keeping an eye on them for quite a while and have noticed them amassing what looks to be an attack force.”

“Evidence?” asked the representative of the Wise.

“Here, see for yourselves,” said the Seer representative.  Immediately, a Peering image appeared over the middle of the conference table, showing all present what was currently happening in one of the Co’ac’fol settlements.  They appeared to have a large number of weapons gathered together inside a warehouse of some kind, located at the outer edge of the settlement.

“And you believe this is not just for defensive purposes?” said the Wise.

“The Co’ac’fol have previously stocked a number of weapons for defending themselves against outside predators, as well as certain incursions on their settlements by city folk and even members of our Order,” the Seer said, tilting his gaze slightly toward the Wall representative. “To our knowledge, they have never before gathered this large of a quantity of weapons in so short a period.”

“How short a period, exactly?” The Young representative asked.

“The warehouse you are currently looking at had been disused for many years, and we noticed them beginning to fill it only two months ago.  Our faction has been keeping a close eye on that warehouse, and we see the amount of armaments grow steadily each day.  It can only be that they are planning an attack on the city.”

“I have been told,” said the Wall, “that the Co’ac’fol are divided on the matter, however.”

“You are correct,” said the Seer. “We have seen some dissensions.  Not all of them wish to attack the city or see anyone harmed.  Those that wish to attack outnumber those who don’t , but that does not make it a settled question in many minds.  This could be something that we could utilize to put down the attack. Our faction felt that it was important to bring this matter to the attention of the Order so that we could devise a way to counter this attack.”

“What say you, Galtinus?” the Old representative asked. Galtinus was at a loss.  This was something he had never encountered.  The Co’ac’fol had never acted in this way before.  He had no idea how to proceed.

“I am not certain,” Galtinus said. “Shall we ask the Wise what they think?”

"We are willing to defer to your decision, Galtinus," said the Wise.

"The Walls? What say you?" Galtinus asked.

"We suggest an immediate preemptive strike. From the available evidence, it is clear that the Co'ac'fol are preparing for an attack. We must act before they do." Galtinus expected this from them.

"The Young? Have you an opinion?" Galtinus asked.

"We agree with the Walls.  A preemptive strike is best."

"The Old?"

"We think that a preemptive strike is a foolhardy endeavor. We feel that a strong, defensive posture would be advisable in this instance. Let me remind you that there have been Co'ac'fol incursions before, and each was handled with defensive tactics only."

"No incursion has yet been seen of this magnitude!" exclaimed the Young, pounding his fist on the table.

"How do you know of what magnitude it is?" asked the Old. "All you have is a warehouse full of weapons. We have no evidence of what they are actually for, and how and when they will be used.”

“What else could they be used for?” asked the Young. “Would you assume that amassing large amounts of weapons shows peaceful intent?”

“I would not,” replied the Old. “In fact, I believe I was clear that making assumptions was something I would rather avoid. I was merely stating that the matter would require more investigation.”

“Investigation by whom?” asked the Wall.

“I believe the Seers have a number of spies in the Co’ac’fol who they have not utilized for some time.  They could, perhaps, call on them to assist in the investigation.”

“Seers?” Galtinus asked.

“Yes, I believe we could do that,” replied the Seer.

“Would this be satisfactory for those who called for a preemptive strike?” Galtinus asked. “The Walls? The Young?”

“Yes,” said the Walls, somewhat reluctantly.

“Agreed,” said the Young, somewhat more reluctantly.

“Seers, we appreciate your report.  Contact your spies at once, so that we can discern what threat, if any, there is to our Order, or to the City.”

*  *  *

The City, which was all anyone ever called it, was not an extremely large city, at least when compared to other cities on Co’actus which had actual names, like Co’marlun, where most horses were manufactured, For Finar, known for its delicious cuisine, and Antrus Prap’fon’tof, which name meant, literally, “Where Mountains Walk.” The City was called The City because it was home to the Fos Brasbif tower, and thus was what one could call the capital of Co’actus.  It sat in the middle of the continent, and was laid out in a fairly circular pattern.  The Fos Brasbif tower sat in the center, and one could see it from any part of the City by simply looking up.  Most city folk, however, had not come close to the tower in their entire lives, for fear of being cast out.  None of them had ever been inside.

Antuvir wanted to change that. He wanted to get inside. He wanted to see what was in there, who was in there, what they were doing.  He wanted to know who the Fos Brasbif were and what they could do.  He wanted to learn all he could about them.  He wanted to ask them all sorts of questions.  He wanted to learn how to do what they did.  He wanted to become a Fos Brasbif, if such a thing were possible.

He walked to the tower, not informing either of his parents where he was going, because they surely would have told him how ridiculous his idea was, and in order to properly explain what he was doing and why he was doing it, he would probably have to confess to his mother that he had been eavesdropping on her.  That would be very unpleasant for both of them.  He’d probably also have to tell them about how he’d followed the stranger out of the City to see where he was going and try to talk to him.  He didn’t want to do that either.  So, he told them he was going to get some supplies.  It usually took him a while to get them, so they probably wouldn’t expect him to be back until late.  That would give him plenty of time to get in the tower and at least speak to someone.  It also wouldn't matter if he didn't return home with anything, as he didn't always find what he wanted when he went out.  It was a perfect alibi.

As he approached the tower, however, he realized that he wasn’t sure how he was going to get inside.  Could he just knock on the door?  Was there a door, or was there some kind of portal?  Did he need a password?  Was there a Fos Brasbif ability he would need to know to get inside?  It was apparent that he should have thought of all of these things before he had set out.  It was, unfortunately, far too late to change his plan.  He had reached the tower.

There was a door, of sorts, or at least something that appeared to be a door.  It was tall, far taller than Antuvir.  It had no doorknob or handle, though. His first instinct was to knock, but he wasn’t sure what the result of that would be.  He simply stood there for a while, wondering what he should do.  After waiting for a while and not coming up with anything, he finally decided to knock and just see what happened.  He knocked.  Nothing happened.  He knocked again, emboldened by the first knock.  Still, nothing happened.  It was most likely that further knocking would get him nowhere, so he stopped.  He looked around.  He wondered why he had even bothered to knock.  The Fos Brasbif can see everything with their Peering ability.  Why wouldn't they already know he was here?  If they knew he was here and would allow him to come in, why hadn't they yet?  If they hadn't yet, it seemed that they didn't want him to enter.  That meant he had failed.

He stood there for a moment in disbelief, mainly at himself.  He hadn't thought this through at all.  There must be another way of getting in, but he wasn't sure what it was, and he had no way of finding out.  He sat down in front of the tower, thinking about how foolish he had been, not thinking it through beforehand.  He sat there for several minutes, looking out across the outer courtyard.  It was quite nice and peaceful.  Birds flew by.  The wind blew through the well landscaped trees, grass, and flowers.  The Fos Brasbif obviously enjoyed gardening.

He stood up and looked at the door again.  There had to be a way in.  It just wouldn't be easy to find it.  He examined the door from all sides.  It was a fairly plain door, with no identifying marks or unique features.  If he'd seen it on a different building, it would have looked just like any other nondescript door.  He wouldn't have even noticed it.  So, nothing about the door itself would help him.  He tried pounding on the door.  Maybe he just hadn't knocked hard enough before.  Still nothing.  He tried yelling at the top of his voice.  Didn't work.  He contemplated trying to break down the door by force, but thought better of it. He probably wasn’t nearly strong enough to do that.  

None of these ideas were right, though. It had to be something clever, something creative that would get him in.  The Fos Brasbif wouldn’t have a door that worked in any conventional way.  Unless, of course, this wasn’t a door at all and was simply a wall made to look like a door.  No, it had to be a door.  There had to be a way in.  The Fos Brasbif hardly ever came out, but they did on occasion.  They had to be able to get in and out.  Even if they never came out, there had to be some way for them to get in there when they first joined the Order.  They weren’t born in there.  Were they?

He tried to concentrate. This was a door, but maybe it wasn't the *front* door. Or maybe it was only a way out, but not 
a way in. Maybe it was how they left, but they had a far more complicated way of getting in. Or a different door at least. 