##Prologue

It was night.  Not a star shone in the sky.  No light radiated from any moon.  No insects chirped or chattered.  There was nothing to fill the silence of this night.  This night lasted forever.  It was always dark on this planet.  It had always been dark since that one day, long ago.  Everyone called it "the day everything died."

"Daddy," Rurcarl's young daughter called from their dwelling, "look at this book we found!" Rurcarl went inside the building, which was made of old brick and stone.  There was once a great city that stood there, but now all was destroyed.  The ground was covered with dust and ash, and everything looked grey and dull.  The people lived on whatever food they could salvage from the destroyed buildings, whatever rodents and pests they could kill, and whatever still miraculously grew from the ground.  Some of what they ate might not even be considered food, but it was all they had.  They lived in the destroyed buildings, hoping the ceilings wouldn't cave in on them while they slept.  Rurcarl and his daughter, however, knew nothing different.  They had only heard stories that had been passed down from previous generations.  Everyone knew that it used to be better.  No one knew how to change it, though.

"What's this book you found?" Rurcarl asked his daughter.  She was nearly seven years old.  She stood in the dwelling with two of Rurcarl's neighbors.

"We found it over in the old farm when we were looking for food." She opened it up and looked at the pictures for a minute.  Then, she said, "I've never seen anywhere that looks like this..." Rurcarl cringed.  He knew she hadn't.  There was no place that looked like that.  The book showed pictures of green fields, sunsets, white fluffy clouds, blue skies, flowers and trees...  everything that makes a world beautiful.  He had heard that this world used to look like that.  He had seen books and pictures like that before.  He thought it was make-believe.  It wasn't.  It was all true.  Rurcarl's daughter looked up at him.  "Daddy, is this a made-up world?" He looked at her with sadness in his eyes.

"No, dear, that's what this world looked like before the Day." His daughter looked down at the pictures again.  She took a long look, and spoke again.

"Why do we have to live in a night-time world?" she asked.

"I don't know.  They just don't like us."

"Why are They so mean to us?"

"I don't know, little one.  I don't know." Rurcarl's daughter kept looking through the book.  She didn't cry so much anymore.  She used to cry all the time.  Now she only asked "why." She asked that all the time.  Rurcarl never had any answers.  They were the only reason he could think of.  They were sinister monsters, red, menacing, with huge teeth, walking on four legs, half feline, half canine...  and all evil.  The story about the Day was that all of a sudden, out of nowhere, They came and started tearing everyone apart.  They tore apart all of the buildings, too.  The only people left alive were those who were very good at hiding.  Then, the Darkness came.

The Darkness was a plague, but more.  It was what made everything night time.  All light from sun, moon, and stars was blocked out.  Everyone saw where they were going using only salvaged electric lights.  They were able to construct more of them from salvaged materials, so everyone could see fairly well.  The Darkness brought with it a sickness that ate up people from the inside.  If you managed to survive to adulthood, you might be able to mate and carry on the existence of your race.  Rurcarl had been able to do that much.  If what he knew of the Darkness was true, though, he probably wouldn't live much longer.

Rurcarl had heard other stories along with the ones about the Day.  He had heard of a place outside of this world that didn't have any of Them, that didn't have the Darkness.  It was a shining world with happy people living on it.  They called it the Salvation.  He had also heard stories of men that came from the Salvation to save people and take them back to their planet.  He didn't know if he believed any of the stories, and he never told his daughter about any of them.  He didn't want to give her any false hopes.

But some nights, Rurcarl looked up into the dark sky and wished it were true.  It was the only solace he ever felt.