*You have hereby been assigned to be a <SAVER>.  Your assignment is on CELER V. Your job is to save the people of CELER V from the sinister plague known as THE DARKNESS.  You will be deterred by THEM.  We do not know who THEY are, but THEY somehow have started the plague, and are trying to destroy all those remaining on the OUTSIDE.  SAVE as many of them as possible, and return them to the SALVATION.  Good luck, soldier.*

*<REPORT FOR TRAINING AT FOLLOWING COORDINATES:>*

And so it read.  The commission said that it was important for the whole galaxy to be saved.  Ian knew that.  He still wasn't sure what good one Saver could do for a whole galaxy, let alone all of Celer V, tiny as the planet was.  Still, he had dreamed of this his whole live.  He had prepared.  He wanted to save them.  He wanted to save them all.  Now he could.

After training, that was...

He was to report for training on Quadrant 3, Section 2 of the Salvation.  The Salvation was where they all lived.  It was the only "planet" that wasn't affected by the Darkness.  It wasn't really a planet in the literal sense, since it was man made.  It did have all the things a planet needs, however, plus the assurance that no one living on it would be killed by either the Darkness or Them.  It was called the Salvation because that's exactly what it was: Salvation for all who would agree to live here.  At this point, one Salvation was enough to hold all of those who had been saved, but Ian had heard that plans for another were in the works.

As long as They were still out there, though, the Salvation was the only place of refuge for everyone.  The whole galaxy, all of it, had to be saved.  Hopefully, all of them would be saved.  Unfortunately, not all of them wanted to be saved.

The Darkness was an interesting plague.  Interesting in the sense that no one knew where it came from or how to detect it.  The only way anyone knew the Salvation was free of it was that no one who lived on the Salvation died from it.  Because of this knowledge, they had made special armor from the material the Salvation was made of.  People could live on the Outside while wearing it for a period of approximately 25 months before succumbing to the effects of the Darkness.  They sent Savers out for 2 years to save anyone they could.

The effect of the Darkness on the mind was incredible.  Death came from decreasing functionality of the brain, which included delusions and hallucinatory behavior, worst of all being the false idea that the Darkness wasn't a threat to them.  Because of the Darkness, they didn't think they needed to be saved.  Some said they were comfortable with their situation as it was, and didn't want change.  Some were afraid of what leaving their homes would mean.  Some just refused to go, and grew to hate Savers.  Although death and destruction were all around them, the Darkness made them think that all would be well in the end.  This made Saving difficult.  But Ian would do it.

First things first, though.  He had to tell everyone he knew about his assignment.  They'd surely be asking about it anyway.  He told his whole family, immediate and extended, and all of his friends.  Most seemed supportive.  Some didn't care.  One in particular, though, was quite opposed: his friend, Mike.

Mike was the type that usually only thought of himself.  When he heard Ian was going to be a Saver, he didn't get it at all.

"Why?  You know they'll all just die out there eventually anyway.  They are vicious, from what I've heard.  They'll tear you apart.  No one will ever listen to you.  Besides, the Salvation is already too overcrowded.  Conserve space.  Why go out there and waste your time?"

"Because I care about people, Mike.  If there's a way to save people that could live happily and not die a painful death, I want to do it.  And there is a way.  I have to bring them here, to the Salvation."

"Come on, Ian, they'll never listen to you.  You'll never get anyone to come here.  And They have been killing more and more Outsiders anyway.  Soon there won't even be anyone out there to bring back.  It's hopeless, and it's pointless."

"I don't see it that way, Mike.  Even if there's one glimmer of hope for these people, I want them to see it, too.  How do you know there aren't a ton of people out there just waiting for me to go there and find them?" Ian was even more resolved now.

"Whatever, Ian.  I know the only reason you're going out there is because of your dad." As Mike said this, Ian's blood boiled.

"Even if it is, why wouldn't that be a good enough reason?"

"You want to fix something that can't be fixed.  You just want to change what happened.  You can't do it." Mike looked at Ian with a smirk.  Ian knew it was halfway true, but he didn't want to admit it.  Mike spoke up again.  "I'll let you go.  Just remember that I won't be following you out there.  Any kind of spooky persuasive power you may have, though it may work on the Outsiders, won't work on me."

"Of course, Mike.  But you'll have to get over yourself at some point."

"Why?" Mike said, looking very conceited, "I'm the greatest thing that ever happened.  I like myself.  Who else matters?  Especially the Outsiders."

"Right, Mike." Ian sighed.  He had more to say to Mike, but it wouldn't come out of his mouth.  So he just left it at that.  It was time to prepare for training.  He wasn't really looking forward to that.  He wanted to get right out there and start saving people, but he knew it was necessary.  He packed up everything he'd need, said his goodbyes, and headed off to Quadrant 3, Section 2: Training for Celer V.

And he left the rest behind.