"Taffywaith!  Ian Taffywaith!"

"It's Tfiwath, sir."

"What?  Say again?"

"Tuh-few-ith.  Tfiwath."

"Huh?  Whatever.  Taffywaith, come up here and get your manuals."  And so it began.  The materials manager couldn't pronounce his name, but he knew the instructor, Captain Sgrith, was smarter than this.  Sgrith looked a little too smart to only be working as a Saver operations instructor.  Maybe they were shorthanded, and he was filling in...  Ian couldn't tell.  

He went up to the desk and picked up his manuals: one on general procedures; one on the Saver Sword, which would be their mode of offense against Them; one on Them, which they would study the next day; and one on the Darkness, which they'd study today.  After everyone had their manuals and were seated in the large, open classroom, Captain Sgrith began the day's lecture.

"Welcome, all, to Saver Training.  First off, I want to make sure you all understand three things:  who you are, who I am, and who I am not.  Gentlemen, you are here to train to be Savers in the mighty army of the Salvation.  You are the hope of the people.  You decide the fate of the galaxy.  You are to be the most elite troops the galaxy has ever seen.  You will work as hard as you can to save as many people as you can.  Your job will not be easy.  Your job will not be enjoyable.  It will not be convenient.  Most of you, I hope, already know this.

"As for myself, I am your instructor.  I am here to teach you everything you need to know to be a Saver.  I am not your mother.  I am not your servant.  I am not here to please you.  I am here to teach you.  I go by some very simple rules: One, listen to everything I say.  I'm not about to waste my breath up here blabbering to a bunch of morons who aren't going to take any of it in.  Two, there's no real need to take notes provided you have a photographic memory with total recall." This got some chuckles. "Three, if you want to speak, raise your hand.  It works for grade school, it'll work here.  With that, we'll begin today's lecture." Sgrith pressed a button on the wall to the right of them and pulled up a large view screen.  The words "SAVER BASICS" appeared on it.  Sgrith looked intently at the faces in the class and spoke.

"The first thing I want to stress is this:  Being a Saver is not about you.  This is about saving people.  It's not about how many you save or how many of Them you kill.  This is about people.  It's about individuals.  You'll get to know these people, and you'll have to forget yourself.  Saving people is not just dragging them back to the Salvation.  It's gaining their trust and helping them see that they're in danger, and the life they're living won't last as long or be as happy as it would on the Salvation.  So, as of this moment, forget yourself.  This will be a difficult thing to do, but it is absolutely essential to the work you will be doing.

"Next, there's the matter of how we go about this training.  I'll teach you about the Darkness today, you'll learn from the rest of those manuals in the coming week, then you'll have a week of training with the Saver Sword.  Then we'll send you out.  Sound good?" There was a resounding "Yes!" from the class.  "Well then, let's get started."  He pressed a few buttons on a keypad and the screen showed a strange looking molecule...  or was it a virus?  "This," Sgrith said, "is the Darkness." Several gasps came from the class.  "Forget all the rumors you've heard about it, that no one knows anything about it.  We do.  This is what I'm going to teach you today.

"So, this is it.  It's a plague we're pretty sure was started by Them.  We'll discuss Them tomorrow.  A very important fact to remember about the Darkness:  It will kill you.  Most Outsiders only live to about 32 years, and they die.  It's slow and painful.  It takes over your whole body, and destroys you from the inside.  First, however, it takes over your mind, and you don't know what you're doing, or what you're thinking.  You're confused all the time, and don't know where to go, or what to do.  After that, your insides just shrivel up into nothing.  It's the worst plague in the history of the galaxy.  The good news, though, is that we can stop it.

"We stop it by Saving people.  We bring them here, clean them of the Darkness, and they live here in peace and happiness.  Some of them become Savers themselves, and go back Outside and save more people.  Our best Savers come from Outside, because we can send them out for longer periods, sometimes without the Saver Armor.

"But that's beside the point.  The Darkness is spreading, and They are getting more and more ruthless and efficient in Their attacks.  Now, more than ever, it is imperative that we Save everyone we can.  More Outsiders are dying out there every day, and though we certainly have their lives to consider, there is one more consideration:  If all the Outsiders die, They will have no one left to trifle with out there.  They'll start coming after us, and slaughtering us just like the Outsiders.  Unless we have enough people to fight Them back, we'll all be killed.  We don't want all that we've built and everyone we've saved to be destroyed just because of some crazies.

"So, do you understand the importance of your assignment now?" The whole class stared blankly at him.  None of them had ever heard this, and they were about to hear more.  Captain Sgrith went on. "In your manual on the Darkness, it tells more about it.  Today, it will be your task to read that, take good notes, and to pass the short test on it later today.  Please begin."

And so they began.

Most of the stuff in the manual was technical stuff about the Darkness virus itself, and exactly what it did to your body.  A lot of it talked about the techniques for "cleaning" people from the Darkness, and which was most effective.  There were also the parts that Captain Sgrith had already talked about.  Then there was the test.  Ian had hardly had time to read through the whole book before the instructor gave the test.  Thankfully, he still passed it.

"Nice work, all," Captain Sgrith announced.  "Most of you managed to do fairly well on the test.  Now you can go to your barracks and hang around until lights out.  That's when your lights go out.  No questions asked.  See you tomorrow." All of them left the classroom, some of them running out.  Ian just strolled along, pondering all he had learned that day.  He now had a greater resolve to save people, now that he knew more about it.  Not only the Outsiders, either.  This was for the safety of his own people, too.  Tomorrow they would learn about Them.  What secrets had been kept from the public about Them?  What revelations would be received?  What type of threat were They?

Those were questions for tomorrow.  Now, he had to relax.  He'd been stiffened up all day, because he was nervous for some reason.  To help himself calm down, he had gotten involved in a meaningless conversation that turned out not so meaningless.

It started out with a harmless question.

"You're Tfiwath, right?" one of the others asked.

"Yeah, that's me."

"What's a puny one like you doing trying to be a Saver?" It was true that Ian wasn't the most muscular or the tallest, but what did that matter?

"What of it?  I want to be a Saver, and that's the end of it."

"The end of it?" the other Saver said.  "Do you realize what's out there?  Do you know what They're like?  Have you seen the destruction, the death, the suffering?" He got right up in Ian's face.  "I don't think you're cut out to be a Saver, wimp.  You should go home." Ian's face became hot, and his eyebrows quickly jutted downwards.  He pushed the Saver away from him with all his might, sending him into the nearest wall.  The Saver's eyes went wide.  He ran up to Ian with a raised fist.  Ian caught it with his own hand, and pushed him back away, again into the wall, and onto the floor.  He saw the wall crack a little.  Wasn't it made of concrete?

"I said, I will be a Saver.  That's the end of it."  He said it with all the strength he had.  The Saver looked up at him, angry.  Before he could do anything further, another Saver came into the barracks.

"Hey, Forgo!  You're not even in this group!  Get back to your barracks!" The new arrival picked up the downed Saver and pushed him out the door.  He looked at the wall, then looked at Ian.

"Don't let that one bother you.  He's a friend- or, acquaintance of mine.  If I may ask, what's your home deck, kid?"

"Quadrant 2, Section 1, Deck 2."

"Two, eh?  Nice.  I'm Khos Giwez.  Welcome to Saver Training."

"Uh, thanks." Giwez...  strange...  it sounded familiar.  Ian would have to research that.

"No problem.  I've been here a couple weeks already.  I'm about as 'veteran' as they get.  Cap'n says I need to work on my 'attitude' problems, so he held me back when my group left, and stuck me here with the rookies."

"I guess that would be me." Ian said.  Giwez shrugged.

"I guess it would.  So don't leave us in the dark.  Judging by your show of strength there, you look like the hotshot of this group.  Tell us about yourself." At this point, Ian noticed that everyone in the barracks was staring at him, so he opened up.  He never liked speaking in front of large crowds, though...

"Um...  I'm Ian Tfiwath.  That's Tuh-few-ith.  Though I've apparently earned the nickname 'Taffywaith' from the materials manager..." He got some laughs for this.  "I'm from Quad 2, Sec 1, Deck 2, as I said.  Um...  I've always wanted to be a Saver.  My mom said I was actually born Outside, although I don't remember it." Some gasps and interested looks came from the gathered crowd.  "But...  I guess it's hard to say, but...  my mom came here only with me.  My dad stayed behind, for whatever reason.  His arrogance, or maybe They kept him back...  I don't know.  I just know he could have been saved.  If only...  If only..."  His voice started to falter.  He had already said a lot more than he had planned, but it was too late to end the story there.  He didn't know if he could finish it, though, especially with the "veteran" in the room.  He did anyway. "If only the Saver who saved Mom had done his job right.  If only he hadn't slacked.  He could have saved Dad.  But...  he's gone now.  But I won't lose anyone else.  I want to save them.  I want to save all of them.  For Mom, and for Dad, and everyone here.  It's...  it's not just us, or the Salvation.  It's all of them, the Outsiders.  I don't even care about whatever army's going to fight Them if they come after us.  I just want to save them."  After he said this, there was silence for a long while.  All of them stared at him and wondered.  Then Giwez spoke.

"Wow.  Sounds like you've been thinking about that all day.  Cap'n's talk about the Darkness didn't sit well with you, your whole Dad deal's eating at you, and sounds like you're not too happy with some previous Savers." Giwez walked over and slapped Ian on the shoulder.  "Keep it up.  You'll do well, kid." As he walked away, he said, "Just don't sweat the second day as much as the first, alright?"