"Today, gentlemen, we discuss Them." Captain Sgrith turned on the big screen in the classroom, and it showed a picture of one of Them.  "This is what one of Them looks like." The class looked confused.

"But...  that looks like one of us," one of the students said.  His name was Zax Cyame.

"Indeed it does," Captain Sgrith said.  "That's because they can take on a human form.  That's the whole problem.  We can't detect them very well, if at all, and we've never seen their true form.  If you know you're looking at one of Them, you'd better whip out your Saver Sword, or it will be too late.  They will kill you.  They know who we are, and They don't appreciate us coming down and stealing Their prey."

"Prey?" another student, Neth Rhotbronet, asked.

"Yes, prey.  That's what the Outsiders are to Them.  If I may, and if it's not too boring, I'll explain Their mission with a brief History of Them." The screen changed, and showed a timeline.  "This timeline shows the basic history of the galaxy from the beginning to now.  Here we have the Zrin creation, the first Cashrift civilization, down to the end of Praptif, discovery of ancient Cashrift, the exen purge, galactic colonization, and here we have the present day.  What we want to focus on is here." He pointed to a dot on the timeline, with a caption that read "The Darkness Begins." "This is when the Darkness plague started, approximately.  It's difficult to pinpoint exactly when, but it was quite a few years after the exen purge.  This date also coincides with the first reported sighting of one of Them.  This is why we think They started the plague, though we have no other evidence to back it up.  We think They started the Darkness to confuse us, and then we'd want to stay, and we'd think that we were safe, even though the signs were all around us that we weren't.  Luckily, we had just finished construction of this station, and it was unaffected by the plague.  This became our new refuge.

"We don't know exactly why They want us to stay in the Darkness, or why They want to destroy us.  All we know is this: They're dangerous and They must be stopped." The screen turned off.  "Now, that manual has the rest of the material on Them.  Just like yesterday, read it and take good notes.  There will be a test."

All of this was just a bit overwhelming for Ian.  He noticed a few of the others were having a hard time taking it in, and during the lecture he had noticed one, Fres Kosjanc, trembling in his seat.  His face was pale, and he looked as though he might pass out.

"I don't know, guys...  They sound pretty nasty.  Maybe I shouldn't be here...  Maybe Captain Sgrith can just let me go home..."

"Come on, what kind of talk is that?" Ian asked.

"The kind of talk that means perhaps I was hasty and didn't know what I was getting into.  Yeah...  I didn't know it would be this dangerous.  I'm leaving." He started to get up, but Ian caught his arm.

"You're not going anywhere!"

"No!  Let go!  I don't belong here!" Kosjanc struggled to shake off Ian's grip on his arm, but Ian just threw him down into his chair.  All the others in the room looked up from their books at Ian.  Ian didn't notice.

"A coward?  Here?  We're supposed to be Savers!  We're here to save people!  All it looks like you want to do is save yourself.  Remember what Sgrith said yesterday?  It's not all about you!" By this time, everyone was staring.  Kosjanc squirmed in his seat, and Ian got right up in his face.  "Look, Kosjanc, being scared isn't a choice anymore!  You have to forget your fear and realize that all those people on the Outside are living in much more fear than you!  Do you realize what it's like for them out there?  You live in this safe, peaceful space station with no cares at all, when all those people out there are dying every day!  How could you leave and wimp out at a time like this?" Ian stopped and looked  up.  Giwez was sitting in his seat, smiling.  All the others sat there, staring.  Captain Sgrith's mouth was wide open.  Ian stood up straight and looked embarrassed.  There was silence for a minute or two.

"Tfiwath, are you finished?" Captain Sgrith said.

"Um...  yes, sir." Ian sat down.  Kosjanc gathered himself together.

"Then get back to work.  Kosjanc, I want to see you in my office." Kosjanc got up and followed him.  The whole room was silent the rest of the day.

*  *  *  *  *

"Kosjanc, what were you doing out there?" Sgrith looked quite angry.  He wasn't used to random outbursts in his class.  He was grateful Taffywaith had settled it, though.  That kid had class.  He'd go places.

"I don't know, sir.  When you talked all about Them, I just...  freaked out, I guess.  I was kind of scared to come here in the first place, and then..."

"I know, I know.  You don't think you'll cut it.  You don't think you're good enough.  You think you'll just go out there and get eaten by one of Them the first day and it will all be over.  Right?"

"No , sir, I..." Kosjanc looked around.  Sgrith slammed his hands down on the table, and Kosjanc jumped back in his seat.

"Listen here!  As long as you have an attitude like that, it's over now!  Nobody ever became a Saver by shaking in his boots and just swinging his Saver Sword around aimlessly!  You're not a man anymore, Kosjanc!  You're a soldier!  You don't have fears anymore!  You have confidence, perseverance, and strength!  Most of all, you don't have any time for stupid stunts like you pulled just now!  Understand?!" By this point, Sgrith was right in Kosjanc's face.  It seemed as though Sgrith was trying to make Kosjanc fear him more than any one of Them.  He was doing a great job of it.

"Um...  yes sir.  I understand, sir."

"Good.  Now go finish your studies." That he did.  As he opened the door, he found quite a few of the other students listening behind it.  Sgrith cleared them all out quickly.  Ian didn't know why they did that.  Everyone in Section 2 could probably hear him...

*  *  *  *  *

The rest of the week flew by pretty quickly.  There was more studying, testing, and such, mostly about all the rules and regulations, the best techniques for saving people, what you did with them after they agreed, and basic survival on Celer V.  Then came the moment they'd all been waiting for: Saver Sword training.

Giwez had already been through this once.  He'd be helping the newer ones with it.  First thing, though, was to put them into training groups.  Ian's was diverse, and he thought it might be a bit strange.  As he got to know his group, though, he really grew to like them.

Giwez was in his group.  He wasn't really surprised about that.  Sgrith had probably noticed how well they got along.  Giwez himself was a good deal older than most of the Savers in his group.  He hadn't revealed much about his past, except that he used to work in the Cleaner Corps.  He was fired after a short while, but he wouldn't say why.  The Cleaner Corps were the ones that cleaned the Outsiders of the Darkness when they arrived on the Salvation.

Then there was Zax Cyame.  Not the smartest in the group, but he could handle himself well.  He had been saved from the Outside when he was a child, so he had quite the motivation to become a Saver.  He'd probably kill the most of Them, and do some decent saving. 

Neth Rhotbronet came from Section 8, deck 19.  That's where the richest ones lived.  Every Quadrant had a Sec 8, Deck 19.  He didn't specify which Quad, though.  He'd been quite sheltered as a child, and seemed to be very eager to get Outside and experience some new things.

Kosjanc was in the group, too.  He didn't look like he'd be able to pick up a Saver Sword, but after Sgrith's "pep talk," he looked like he had more resolve.  

Next was Caff Betronros, from Quad 1, Sec 1, Deck 1.  That's where the newest arrivals from Outside lived.  He'd only been cleaned a year ago, and he wanted to go back and save some of his friends and family.  He'd probably be the best at it, though everyone thought Ian would.

Qiac Mrac was one of the strangest of the group.  he always had weird stories to tell.  However, he was an incredible artist.  He had brought some of his work with him.  He probably wouldn't need it on Celer V, but because of his artistic abilities, he had great manual dexterity.  He'd probably handle the Saver Sword fairly well.

Last was Kweg Natobr, an interesting individual to say the least.  He claimed to be from Quadrant 5, Section 5, Deck 5.  Ian had never heard of that Deck before, but perhaps it was built fairly recently.  Natobr sounded like he'd been on some crazy adventures on that deck, so it couldn't be too new.

Once the group was set, it was time to begin.  Captain Sgrith got up and began their lecture.

"Gentlemen, these are your weapons and armor." A large door opened, revealing what looked to be an armory.  Inside were their Saver Swords and Saver Armor.  They each received a sword and suit of armor, and began arming themselves.  Ian felt important now.  Sgrith spoke again, "Now that you're armed, your groups can head into the training room.  You should have read the Sword manual at least halfway through by now.  If you haven't gotten a chance to read any of it yet, don't worry.  The manual won't help you a single bit.  Just get in there and spar.  You'll learn quickly." All of them piled into the sparring room and began.

Ian hadn't read a thing about the sword, or any techniques.  He had never even handled a sword before.  Fortunately, Giwez had.

"C'mon, Tfiwath!  You're my sparring partner.  Just try to block my blows." Before Ian knew what was happening, Giwez's Saver Sword was coming at him.  He swung his blade up as quickly as he could to parry the blow.  Just as Giwez's strike landed, he swung low, going for Ian's legs.  Ian lowered his blade, blocking again.  Giwez didn't stop.  It was a constant volley of thrusts, slices, and cuts.  Ian never even attempted an offensive strike.  He had no time to.  He kept looking for an opening, though.  Then, just as Giwez raised his blade above his head, ready for a strike, Ian jumped back.  Giwez's sword came down, but Ian was able to dodge his blow.  Ian swung his sword back, and as Giwez staggered from his missed blow, Ian caught him in the arm.  Giwez grinned.

"Nice!  Good thing these suckers aren't armed.  I'd've lost a limb."

"Armed?" Ian asked, puzzled at the term.

"Yeah, Each sword has a 'spar' setting, and an 'armed' setting.  It can't hurt you while it's on 'spar.' Just remember to keep it on 'armed' when you get to Celer V.  I've heard there's one more special setting that's more powerful than 'armed,' but I've never heard of anyone needing to use it.  These things are powerful enough to cut through plenty of Them." Giwez repositioned himself.  "Now," he said, "come at me with everything you've got." Ian wasn't sure how much he did have, but he went at it anyway.  Ian swung his sword in a vertical slice, and Giwez parried.  Ian swung back behind his head and swung down, and Giwez crouched and parried.  Giwez pushed up, and Ian's sword went back, and he staggered backwards.  However, Ian didn't falter; he thrust forward and Giwez had to put up his sword quickly to parry.  Ian's sword was free however, and he sliced up, and his sword ended up at Giwez's neck.

"Whoa!  Hang on there!  That's not fair!"

"Why?  The match is over.  You're dead." Ian sheathed his sword.

"Yeah, I guess so.  I wouldn't be if you were up against one of Them, though.  You'd be dead, and so would I.  We're too slow."

"Right," Ian said, "let's get back to work then."