And so the training ended.  The study was done, and now they could go to Celer V.  Ian was extremely excited.  Giwez was going, too, as well as all the rest in their training group.  The night before, Ian knew he had needed sleep, but he couldn't.  He hoped he wouldn't be too tired when he got there.

As he flew over, he thought about what it would be like.  What would the people be like?  Where would they live?  Would they ever meet one of Them?  What did They look like, really, without the disguise?  Would they ever find out?

Would he survive on Celer V?

All these thoughts ran through his head.  Then, without warning, the shuttle landed.  They got out and took their gear with them.  The shuttle went back up and left them there.  They had arrived on Celer V.  The only problem was, they had no idea what to do.

Immediately, however, Giwez took charge.

"Alright, let's find out where we'll be living for the next 24 months.  According to the info the Cap'n gave us, it should be right here...  Ah!  It's right in front of us!" In front of them was their extremely well hidden shelter.  The landing site looked to be in the middle of a junk yard.  According to what he had read, most of Celer V was the same.  Their house looked like a huge pile of broken concrete, twisted metal, and shattered glass.  It looked exactly like all the other piles of junk around the place.  That was, until you noticed the door.

"Let's go on in then," Qiac Mrac said. "I've been in a stuffy shuttle for 17 hours, so let's settle in." Ian had to agree.  It had been a long trip, and he was ready for his new home.  They quickly opened the hidden door, and were surprised to find a well furnished house with plenty of room for all eight of them.

"Awesome!" Kosjanc exclaimed. "This might not be so bad after all..."

"Not so fast, Kos," Zax Cyame said. "It's only your first day.  It'll be harder when we actually get out there.  Besides, we'll be spending most of our time outside."

"Really?" Kosjanc's face drooped. "Aww..."

"Lighten up, Kosjanc," Ian said. "It'll be fine.  Just always have your Saver sword by your side, and none of Them will eat you."

"Eat me?!" Kosjanc squealed.  Everyone laughed.  Kosjanc would do well, but...  well, he'd have to gain a bit more courage, as well as confidence.

Either way, it was time for them to check in with the Saver Headquarters on the Salvation.  Ian hoped the general wouldn't have too much bad news for them.  However, his hopes were in vain.  They had apparently begun a new assault.  It wasn't just against the Outsiders this time, but a directed assault against the Savers.

"It's terrible," the general said.  "We don't know why, but their looking for a particular Saver.  We don't know who, either.  If possible, stay away from Them as much as possible.  If you encounter one, kill it as quickly as you can.  We don't want any information on us getting back to whatever high command They have." The general went on for a bit, but Ian kept on wondering about his last comment.  Didn't they know more than that?  Ian interrupted.

"General, you sound like you don't know much at all about Them."

"It's true," the general replied, "everything we know about Them you have already learned in training."

"You mean that wasn't just preliminary information?" Caff Betronros asked.

"You're right.  We don't want to learn much more, either.  If we did, someone would possibly die.  If he did survive, he'd have to be the toughest Saver I've ever seen." The General looked at all of them individually. "And don't for a second think that's any of you!" With that, the transmission closed.

Ian tried to sleep, but he still couldn't.  It was possibly the longest night of his life.  He kept thinking about the next day, and what it would bring.  What types of things would happen to him?  They were looking for particular Savers to kill...  Wow.  He'd only been on Celer V for an our, and already things weren't going well.

*  *  *  *  *

The next morning, Ian was awakened by the sound of the bellowing voice of Zax Cyame.  It wasn't the kind of wake-up call he'd wanted, but it certainly woke him up.

"Wake up, boys!  Time to go out and do some saving!" Cyame went to every bed and made sure everyone was up and out of bed.  He'd apparently already been  up for an hour.

"Why are you doing this?" Kweg Natobr asked sleepily.

"Because we've got no time to waste!  Get on your armor and get your swords.  It's time to save!" At that, they all did as they were told.  All except for Kosjanc, that was.  Ian noticed he was cowering next to his bed.

"Kosjanc, what's going on?" Ian asked.

"Nothin'...  I just...  don't want to go.  I studied hard at training, but...  I don't think it's right for me to go out and get killed by Them, especially since they're after us now."

"Kos, Kos, Kos...  it doesn't matter what you think." Giwez said. "You're coming with us.  Now, get on your armor and let's GO." Giwez dragged him out of his bed, literally put Kosjanc's armor on for him, and dragged him out the door with him.  With this, they were all set.  They were ready to save.

"Alright," Giwez said, "Time to open up the orders from the general."

"I'm excited," Betronros said.  Giwez opened up the orders and read them to everyone.

"Okay, me and Tfiwath are together, and we'll be in the south quadrant, near Fos.  Cyame and Rhotbronet get the east quadrant near Krestik.  Kosjanc and Betronros go to the north, near Sketkrus.  Mrac and Natobr are in the west, at Shintramk.  Here's maps to find all these places, and assignment information..." He passed it out to all of them.  "...and, go!" So they went.

Ian and Giwez went off trying to find their quadrant.  The general had told them about their modes of transportation, the Saver Cycles, that had been stowed away in the back of their shelter.  Each of them had taken one and rode it off to their areas.  It was an old-fashioned cycle, that took foot pedaling to turn the internal power generator.  Once it got going, it went fairly fast, but it was a bit of an annoyance.  Still, it was transportation.

As they traveled to their quadrant, they noticed that there weren't very many people out and about.  Ian knew they would find some eventually, though.  Even if this junk pile of a planet was tiny, even if none of them would listen, even if They tried to capture or kill them, they'd still work as hard as possible at saving anyone they could.  Ian had come here for that, and he was on the planet now, doing it.

At least, he was trying to do it.  There was no one in sight yet.  Nevertheless, they travelled on.  At this point, they had no idea where the others were, but that didn't matter.  They'd meet up with each other eventually.

They didn't realize that it would be in the worse of circumstances, however...