Suddenly, Ian felt strange.

"Gah...  Giwez, my head just felt really weird."

"Yeah, mine too...  What do you think it is?"

"I dunno...  but it seems to have passed now.  Let's go." They went off for a bit, traveling along the "road" between quadrants, and trying to find where they were supposed to be.  They hadn't seen any people the entire time they had been traveling.  As they went over another hill, however, Ian saw something.

"Giwez!  Look!  Houses, in the distance!" He pointed his finger in the direction of the houses.

"Yep.  Nice.  Hopefully we won't be too tired by the time we get there." They traveled on.  As they did so, Ian noticed everything was pretty much grey and sad looking, including the houses they could see.  They didn't look run-down or destroyed, like he'd imagined, but there were still piles of junk everywhere, and it all looked so bleak.  Were all planets on the Outside like this?  If so, 24 months may be too long away from the Salvation.

As they got closer to the houses, they noticed that even though people lived there, no one looked to be inside of any of them.  No one was outside walking around either.  What was this? Ian thought.  Where are all the people?

"This is crazy," Giwez said. "There's no way there are a bunch of residences here that no one lives in."

"Yeah, it's weird... but maybe we'll see some people when we get to the main street." Ian hoped that was the case.

"Could be, we're still a ways off." So they cycled on.

Soon, they were walking on the main street -- the only street -- of this small cluster of houses.  Giwez had mentioned that the town was named Fos.  They still couldn't see anyone around, though.  They couldn't see anyone in the houses, or on the street.  They traversed the whole area, and found nothing, and no one.  Could they all have been saved already?  Or perhaps they had all died, or been killed by Them.

Just as they were about to give up and go search somewhere else, they heard a noise.  It was a very strange noise, like some kind of rumbling.  No, it wasn't a rumbling, it was the sound of many people running.  Just as Ian thought this, he looked up at the hill behind all the houses.  There was a large group of men running down the hill, toward the houses.  They didn't look like normal men, though.  Were they...  Them?

Ian and Giwez didn't want to stick around to find out.  They went into the nearest house and hid inside.

That's when they saw them: the lights were off, the house was dark and still, but there was a large group of people huddled on the floor.  They looked just as frightened as Ian and Giwez.  One of them whispered to them.

"Get down!  They're coming!  Can't you hear it?" They did hear it, but they weren't quite sure what it meant.  Still, they got down as the man had said.  They could still see out the window at the advancing figures.  They looked like normal men, almost.  There was just something different about them, something Ian couldn't quite place.  They slowed down and walked into town.  Then it happened.  They changed.  Now, They looked nothing like normal men.  They looked like something sinister, something Ian had never imagined.  Whatever it was, it walked on four legs.  Its skin was red, and its eyes were tiny slits.  Its mouth was full of teeth, sharp and shiny.  Its body was sharp edged, with five horns on its back, and a crest on its head.  There must have been 10 or 15 from what Ian could see.  They all looked around, apparently looking for any of the Outsiders, or perhaps Ian and Giwez.

Then they left.  Of course, Ian had just assumed that those creatures were Them.  Who were they really?

"Alright everyone, they're gone." It was the same man who had spoken to Ian and Giwez before.  "You can come out from your hiding places...  and turn on the lights." When the lights turned on, everyone in the house was immediately surprised to see two Savers standing in the middle of the room.

"Hmm?  Something wrong?" Giwez said.

"Yes," the man said, "you...  you're Savers, correct?"

"Yes, indeed.  We've come from the Salvation to save you from this place," Ian said.

"Ah!  Nice to meet you.  I'm Fos, they mayor." He shook their hands.

"Hi, I'm Giwez, and this is Tfiwath.  I hope you don't mind my curiosity, but what were those things out there?"

"What?" Fos looked confused.  "You don't know? That was a contingent of Them. They come every week at this time.  We have to hide, or They'll capture us or kill us."

"Wow," Ian said, "then why don't you come with us?  We can -"

"Please, have a seat over here." Fos directed them to another room in the house.  Ian wasn't sure if he had spoken too softly or if Fos was deliberately ignoring him.  Either way, it would be rude to refuse the offer, so Ian sat down.

"Thanks," Giwez said, seating himself as well.  "If I might ask, what do any of you know about the Salvation?" 

"Not much, though I've seen Savers around before.  They helped us run off some of Them before.  Don't know if they killed Them or not, or if the Savers were killed by Them.  I don't think it matters much." Fos paused for a moment.  Ian was about to speak, but Fos began again. "Let's not dwell on that, though.  Perhaps we should discuss more interesting matters.  How are your parents?" Ian noticed that Fos had changed the subject rather quickly.  It made him a bit angry.  Ian held back, though, and let Giwez take charge.

"Sir, I don't think that will be necessary," Giwez said. "We haven't come here to talk about our families, no matter how interesting that would be." With this, Giwez looked as though he thought it certainly would not be interesting.  He continued, "As we said, we're savers, and we're really here to-" Fos cut Giwez off abruptly.

"I understand," he said. "I'll tell you a bit about my own family then." Giwez tried to start again.

"No, sir, that won't be-"

"It won't take long," Fos said, and he began to tell Ian and Giwez all about his family, starting from several hundred years ago to the present.  Ian and Giwez weren't sure what to do, so they simply sat and listened.  Some of it actually was interesting, though they certainly felt that their time was being wasted.  Several times, Ian thought Fos was finished speaking, but he always began again.  Ian didn't want to interject at the wrong moment and sound rude.  Ian was fairly sure Giwez felt the same way.  

Through all of this, Ian noticed that the other residents of the town were watching them.  Some sat quietly in the house, and some looked in through the windows.  He also noticed some that tried to look busy, but he knew they weren't paying attention to their work.  All of them looked anxious to speak to the two of them, but looked too nervous to say anything.  Ian couldn't be sure, but he suspected that the town was full of people that wanted to be saved.  Unfortunately, it seemed that the mayor didn't.

Fos took a deep breath, and it seemed as though he had finished.  Ian was unsure of what to say, but Giwez seemed to know how to get the conversation to go in the direction they wanted.

"Wow, that was an amazing story, sir.  I do have a question for you, though."

"Ah, questions!" Fos looked excited at the prospect of answering a question. "Please, go ahead."

"How would you feel if you had to leave your home?  Not just for a short period, but forever, and you'd never be able to come back?" Giwez looked hopeful, but Fos did not look happy at this question.

"You Savers are all the same!  I invite you into my house, give you comfortable seats, and tell you my family's story, and all you want to do is take me away from my home!  I enjoy it here, and so does everyone else who lives here!" At this, all of the residents bowed their heads and looked away.  Fos stood up, went over to the door, and opened it.  He pointed outside.  "Go!"  Ian looked at Giwez.  Giwez looked disappointed, but not angry.  Ian, on the other hand, was fuming.

"How can you say that?  Why would you not want to leave?  Hiding from Them, those disgusting beasts, every day?  Living like this, in a junk pile world?"

"Tfiwath, calm down." Giwez stepped in.  Ian stopped, realizing he might say something he would regret later.  "We understand, sir.  We'll go." Both of them got up and walked out the door.  Fos shut it, loudly, behind them.  Ian turned to Giwez.

"What do we do now?" Ian asked.

"I'm not sure.  I guess we just look for somewhere else with people..." Giwez looked just as clueless as Ian felt.  They just stood there for a few moments, trying to think of what to do next.  As they stood, a crowd of people gathered around them.  No one spoke for a few moments.  Finally, Ian and Giwez noticed the crowd and looked up at them.  One of them spoke, in a very soft voice, as if he didn't want anyone else to hear.

"I...  my name is Krusmal.  I have heard of the Salvation before.  Fos does not believe that it is good for us to go...  he is...  his mind has been clouded by the Darkness.  I have considered it and I, along with a few others of us, would like to join you and go back to the Salvation."

"Have you discussed this with Fos?" Giwez asked.

"I have spoken to Fos many times about this before.  He does not believe it is right for us to leave.  This is the only life he knows, and he does not want to leave it.  There are also many others here who would be afraid to leave the life they know and begin anew...  but I know it is best for everyone.  All we want is a better life." Ian was touched by this.

"How do you plan to convince Fos that it's a good idea?" Giwez asked.  Krusmal bowed his head.

"I do not know.  Many Savers have come before, and all of them have been turned away as you have.  I have tried for many years to convince him, but I have always failed.  Others have tried speaking to him as well, but they too have failed.  I was hoping that perhaps you two could convince him, but I do not know how likely that is, now that he has thrust you out of his house." As Krusmal said this, a thought occurred to Ian.

"You've said that Fos doesn't want to leave.  Is there anyone else in town who holds this same opinion?"

"No," Krusmal replied, "I have spoken to everyone in the village about it.  Fos does not like me to, which requires me to do so while he is not looking.  It is unanimous, however.  Everyone in the village wishes to leave.  It is only Fos who is keeping us here." Ian spoke up again.

"Then why not just come with us, and leave him here?"

"Tfiwath," Giwez snapped, "we can't do that!  He's the mayor, and we can't just go against his wishes and take all the people with us."

"Why not?" Ian asked. "If he doesn't want to leave, and everyone else does, why should he stand between them and the Salvation?" Giwez didn't immediately respond.  Ian could understand his reasoning, but it seemed that that the lives of the several residents were more important than one stubborn mayor.  Giwez spoke again.

"I...  well, I don't know, but it just doesn't seem right."

"Please," Krusmal said, "go in and try to speak to him again.  I know it does not seem right to leave him here alone, not respecting his wishes, but ask him what he thinks about it.  Tell him of your new idea.  Perhaps he will let the rest of us leave without him.  If he refuses, then so be it.  If he agrees, I'm sure he will be fine here by himself." Giwez did not look satisfied, but he reluctantly agreed to talk to Fos again.

Krusmal knocked on the door to the house.  They didn't have to wait long before Fos opened the door and greeted Krusmal.  He seemed to ignore Ian and Giwez.

"Fos," Krusmal said, "the Savers would like to ask you another question."

"I'm finished with their questions.  Tell them to go away." Just as Fos was about to close the door, Krusmal held it open.  Fos looked utterly shocked.  Giwez took the opportunity to speak.

"I know Krusmal has discussed this with you before, but just tell us what you think of this: You can stay here on this planet, but the rest of your town will go with us to the Salvation.  I don't like the idea of you staying here by yourself and being separated from your townsfolk, but it seems there isn't any other option.  They all want to leave, and you're the only thing holding them back."  Fos considered this for a moment.  He looked at Giwez with a look of contempt.

"Fine.  Take them all.  I'm tired of fighting this.  If you all want to go away to some unknown planet with a couple of strangers, not knowing what really awaits you, I can't stop you any longer."  He pointed at Krusmal. "You don't even know that this Salvation really exists.  You've only heard about it from the likes of these cretins!" He pointed at Ian and Giwez.

"Fos," Krusmal said, "it is our only hope for survival.  We cannot live here much longer.  They will kill us, or we will no longer be able to find food.  There is not much left here for us."

"Whatever," Fos said, "as long as I don't have to go anywhere.  And if any Savers come around ever again, I'll kill them." With this, he slammed the door.  Krusmal looked extremely sad.  Ian felt terrible for breaking this town apart, but it seemed that nothing else could be done.  Giwez looked at Ian, his expression giving Ian the feeling that they would discuss this matter later.  For now, they had to get these people out of here.  Giwez took out his transmitter.  The Saver transmitter was used to call a shuttle up from the Junk Pile to retrieve Outsiders for transit back to the Salvation.  There they would be cleaned and given new dwellings.

The shuttle came, and all of the people piled into it.  Krusmal looked at Ian and Giwez, and at the house that Fos was in.  Ian could tell that Krusmal was torn inside.  He finally entered the shuttle, and it lifted off into the sky.  Ian and Giwez stood there, watching it as it flew back to their home.  Then, they saw a man walking towards them, smiling.

*  *  *  *  *

Askratan could hardly contain his excitement.  It had been so easy.  He had followed the shuttle from that junk pile "hiding place" straight to the Tfiwath.  As if it was any kind of real "hiding place." It was extremely easy to spot.  The Savers thought they were so smart, so stealthy.  Now it would end.  He walked up to the Tfiwath and his friend, the Giwez, as they watched the shuttle fly towards their filthy Salvation.  He didn't care.  A few insignificant Outsiders wouldn't matter.  He had the Tfiwath, and that's all he needed.  He was wearing the normal attire for his humanoid form, with his sword slung to his side.  He didn't feel the need to do anything fancy for this.  It would be quick.

"Greetings," he said, with a smile.  The two Savers looked confused.

"Who are you?" the Giwez asked.

"No need to ask who I am, since I already know who you are."

"What?  How?" the Tfiwath said.

"No matter.  You are the Tfiwath, are you not?"

"I'm...  I'm Ian Tfiwath, yes." He looked even more confused now.

"Excellent.  I've been looking for you.  My master wants to see you." Askratan's smile widened.

"Your...  Master?  Master of what?  Who are you?"

"I am Askratan, of course.  My master wishes for you to join us."

"Join you?  You mean..." Askratan didn't wait for any more babble from the Tfiwath.  He drew his sword and lunged at the Tfiwath with all his might and speed.  Unfortunately, the Tfiwath was quick as well.  He drew his sword and blocked.  Askratan, in his zeal, had also forgotten that the Giwez was standing right next to him.  That could become troublesome.

"Do not resist, Tfiwath!  You don't know what you're missing!" Askratan jumped back, than lunged again at the Tfiwath.  Just then, however, a voice yelled at him from behind.

"Askratan!  Stop!" All three of them stopped and looked back.  Askratan gasped.

"No, not you!  Tfiwath, you got lucky this time, but it will not be so the next time we meet!"  Askratan ran off and disappeared, leaving a trail of dust behind them.  Ian and Giwez looked up at where the voice had come from.  It looked like a man, but it...  wasn't...

"Hello.  I am Calik."

*  *  *  *  *

Calik had seen Askratan attack the two Savers.  He wasn't sure what Askratan was up to now, but it didn't look good.  The Ejhklyos had been up to something big recently.  Calik had no idea what it could be, but he was determined to find out.

Askratan ran away like the cowardly Ejhklyos that he was.  Crazy one, that Askratan.  Calik had been after him for years.  He was the entire reason Calik was the way he was, and he would pay for it with his blood.

First, however, Calik had Savers to deal with.  He didn't like Savers that much.  They had a noble cause, but they usually got in the way of his plans against the Ejhklyos.  These ones didn't look like they wanted to fight.  Perhaps he would spare them for now, and have a friendly chat.  Then again, he hadn't fought any Savers recently...

"Who are you?" the taller, stronger looking one asked.

"I am Calik, as I said.  I see you've met that dirty coward Askratan."

"What did he want from us?" the other one asked.  Askratan had called him the Tfiwath.

"He sounded like he wanted to recruit you.  For what reason, I can't be sure.  I cannot predict the ways of the Ejhklyos."

"The who?" the Tfiwath asked.  He looked completely clueless.

"You truly know nothing, do you?  I could take time to explain, but I don't believe I have the time.  I would also tell you a bit about myself, but I had originally planned to kill you.  Perhaps that will wait for another time." Calik drew his sword.

"Wait," the Tfiwath said, "we don't want to fight you if we don't have to.  Just tell us about yourself.  You...  don't look like anyone else around here." He was right.  Calik didn't look look like anyone else.  He was unique.  Calik sighed.

"If you'd really like to know, I'll tell you." He sheathed his sword and began. "I am not of any race in existence, either yours or the Ejhklyos."

"Who are the Ejhklyos?" the Tfiwath asked.

"You know them.  You were just attacked by one."

"You mean Them?" the other Saver asked.

"That's what your kind call them, yes.  I am not of their race, nor yours, but a mixture of the two.  My DNA contains genetic code from both races, but together in a lab.  Needless to say, it has been a burden to me my entire life.  I am only a renegade, a vagabond, a rogue agent travelling Celer V battling the Ejhklyos.  I kill all I can find.  I don't care much for Savers either, which is why I was about to kill you.  However, since you've taken an interest in me, and since Askratan is after you, I may spare you for now.  Still be wary of Askratan.  He is dangerous."

"What does he want from me?" Ian asked. "He said his master wanted to see me...  said he wanted me to join Them."

"Yes.  The Ejhklyos are always looking for Savers to join them.  Some do, and become Ejklyos themselves.  Of course, seeing those who supposedly come to save these people turn into those who want to destroy them becomes rather maddening.  I do not understand those who defect to the other side.  Perhaps one of the Savers that came with you might."

"What?" the other Saver said. "Who?  And how did you..."

"Not you, of course.  You look much too strong for that.  This one," he said, pointing to Ian, "may not possess as much physical strength, but looks to possess much mental capacity."

"I have another question," the Tfiwath said.  "You seem to know Askratan, who just attacked us.  What's your relationship to him?" Calik had not been prepared for this question.

"Hmm.  He is, to be brief, my archenemy.  I have been hunting him for many years.  He is quite dangerous.  You will most likely have to fight him eventually."

"When?  Where do you think he went?" the other Saver asked.

"There is no telling.  But he will be back.  Soon."

*  *  *  *  *

Askratan had been watching the whole conversation between the two Savers and Calik.  Calik was always getting in his way.  There was no way he could keep Askratan from his prize this time, though.  Askratan would succeed.  The Master would be proud.

Askratan hid on a pile of rotting junk as Calik and the two Savers talked.  Excellent...  somehow they had persuaded Calik not to fight them.  Now was his chance.  He bounded down the pile and pounced right on top of Calik.  The two Savers drew their swords, but did nothing.

"You won't get in my way this time, Calik!" Askratan wailed.  Calik was on th e ground with Askratan on top of him.

"Argh!  Askratan, you've ruined my life enough already!" Calik threw Askratan off of him, stood up, and drew his sword.  Askratan was still in humanoid form.  Should he change now?  No, it wouldn't be right.  He drew his sword and ran at Calik.  Calik blocked right away.  Askratan wailed on Calik with his sword, but Calik continued to block every blow.  He was too good.  Askratan tried every slice, thrust, and parry he knew, but he could never beat Calik.  He'd never even come close before.  Still, he tried his hardest.  His sword danced around Calik, biting at every part of his body it could think of, but to no avail.  This is why Calik was still alive, and why he continued to torment Askratan.  His sword skills were amazing.

The two Savers continued to stand there, watching the battle.  Why hadn't Calik gone after them?  They didn't seem as strong as Calik; he could probably take them out with no trouble.  Perhaps there was something quite different about the Tfiwath.

Askratan withdrew from Calik.  He couldn't win.  There was no way.  He needed the Tfiwath, but he had no idea what else to do.

"Finished, Askratan?" Calik taunted.

"Grah...  for now.  But I will be back.  The Tfiwath will be mine!" Askratan ran away.  Somehow he'd have to find the Tfiwath again.  That shuttle was so easy to track...  but how would he find him again without that?  Gah, blasted Calik.  Why was he always ruining Askratan's plans?

*  *  *  *  *

Ian didn't know what was going on anymore.  First, one of Them, or Ejhklyos, tried to fight them, then this Calik, who's half human and half Them, shows up, then this Askratan comes back and starts fighting Calik, even though Calik originally wanted to kill Ian and Giwez...  at least, that's how it all stood in Ian's mind.  He wasn't quite sure what the entire situation was, or what he was supposed to do next.  Askratan had run off, Calik was leaving, and Ian and Giwez were left standing there, confused.  Then, Giwez spoke up.

"Um...  maybe we should take a break.  It's been a long day, and I'm hungry.  Let's break out the porta-shelter and the rations."

"Good plan." Ian said.

"We also need to talk about your behavior earlier with the Fos residents." Giwez said.  Ian hadn't been looking forward to that, but he knew it was coming.  Perhaps he wouldn't be having as much of a break as he originally thought...