Ian had no idea what time it was when he woke up.  Ever since he had landed on Celer V, his concept of time had been lost.  The only lights on Celer V were artificial ones placed around the various places on the planet, so it was impossible to judge time by any star.  He had no clue if all that had happened to him so far had been one day or an entire week.  He only knew he may have slept for either of those two.

Before he had gone to sleep, Giwez had talked to him at length about what he had done wrong with Fos and his town.  They had left a man behind but let the rest of his town go to the Salvation.  The town had basically been torn apart, and there were bad feelings among the people.  It wasn't the right way to go about it, Giwez had said.  Ian felt bad, but he still knew that there were people that had been saved.  That was his main concern.  He only hoped that it wouldn't be quite as bad the next time.

He got up and stretched, but noticed that Giwez wasn't there.  He looked outside the porta-shelter, and he saw Giwez talking to someone.  He looked familiar.  Ian stepped out of the porta-shelter and examined the visitor more closely.  The visitor spoke.

"Ian?  Ian Tfiwath?" he said.

"Yeah, I'm Ian.  Who are you?"

The visitor hesitated for a long moment.  "I think...  I'm...  your father." Ian looked confused.  His father?  But...  his father was supposed to be dead.  He'd been lost by that Saver, and...  and...

"I...  I don't know what you're talking about..." Ian said.  There was no way this could be his father.

"But...  why?  Don't you remember?  You were born here.  A Saver came and saved you and your mother, and I stayed behind."

"Yeah, Ian told us the story," Giwez said. "That's why he's here."

"But..." Ian stumbled over his words.  "You're supposed to be dead.  You stayed here and you were killed..."

"Ian, I don't know what your mom told you, or what you imagination came up with, but I am your father, and I want to clear some things up."

"Um..." Ian was slowly beginning to accept it, but...  where was his proof?

"Giwez was talking to me for a bit," the visitor said, "and he's told me what you told your Saver group back at training.  I know you're hurting because of me, but it wasn't the Saver's fault that I stayed behind."

"Why would you do that?" Ian asked.

"Because I wanted you and your mother to be happy, and safe.  And there was no way to save all three of us."

"Why not?"

"I had to stay to keep Them from attacking the shuttle.  Ever since you were born They had been stalking you for some reason."

"And they apparently are now, also," Giwez said.

"What?  What do you mean?" the visitor asked.

"We had a visit from one of Them who said his Master wanted to see him.  He wanted Ian to join Them."

"Wow," the visitor said, "what do they want?"

"I don't know," Ian said, "I've ben trying to figure it out, but...  wait..." Ian looked the visitor straight in the eye.  "You say you're my father.  You stayed behind to keep Them from me.  Then...  why didn't you ever come to the Salvation after that?"

"Because.  They're tracking me." Ian's Dad showed him the small device on the back of his neck.  "They know who I am.  They've been using me as a tool.  I stayed behind to save you, but they captured me.  I heard them discussing my fate as I was locked up in a cell.  Some of the inmates have some interesting electronic devices that can pick up things inside the inner sanctuary of the Master's Citadel..."

"The...  what?" Ian had no idea what this man was talking about.

"Their base of operations.  It's here, on Celer V," the visitor said.

"Here?  They never told us about that," Giwez said.

"Either way, They said They'd either kill me or put me to use somehow.  One of the brighter ones, the Master's lieutenant, suggested the tracking device.  They'd let me go, let me wander around the planet for a while, and if I stayed in one place too long They'd know there were settlements there.  Then They'd come and destroy whoever was there.  I preferred it to death...  so I took it.  Now They can't kill me, even if They wanted to.  I've learned quite a bit about Them, too, from those of Them that I've met, in guard stations and outposts."

"Wow..." Ian stated, in short.  "But...  then..." Ian was about to ask another question, but then it hit him.  "Wait, if you're being tracked, and They're looking for me..." At that instant, the visitor's eyes went wide, as if he had just realized something.  They would find Ian through...  his father.  They knew he was his father.  They knew he'd be looking for Ian as well...  The visitor, Ian's father, began to run.  He ran at an incredible speed.  He really did care.  He wanted Ian to be safe.  Unfortunately, it was too late.

*  *  *  *  *

Hmm.  The Tfiwath's father had realized his folly.  He couldn't change anything now, though.  Askratan knew where the Tfiwath was, and he ran there with all his speed.  He was one of the fastest of the Ejhklyos, second only to the Master himself.  The Ejhklyos were fairly fast creatures to begin with, especially in their true form.  Askratan would get there in no time.

Once he arrived, he saw the Tfiwath and the Giwez standing next to their shelter.  They'd made no attempt to hide themselves.  Perfect.  Askratan changed back to his humanoid form and approached the pair.

"We meet again, Tfiwath." Both Savers looked back at him.

"You're...  Askratan!" the Tfiwath said.

"I am so glad you remembered my name.  I could never forget yours.  But now, unfortunately, you'll need to come with us." Askratan drew his sword.  The two Savers also quickly drew theirs.

Askratan chuckled.  "There will be none of this two-on-one business this time.  Calik's not coming back to save you, either.  Quemlash!" He called to his partner.  Quemlash came without hesitation.  He always knew when to pick up speed.  The Savers looked worried, as well they should.  "Now, see.  You won't have such an easy time of it now."

"Askratan!  I'll never join your evil band of disgusting creatures!" the Tfiwath yelled at him.  Hmm, quite a daring one, this.  With that, it began.

"Prepare to join us or die, Tfiwath!" Askratan lunged at the Tfiwath with his sword, and sliced right at his head.  The Tfiwath blocked it, skillfully.  Askratan slashed at him a few more times, and the Tfiwath parried.  He was good.  He saw Quemlash attack the Giwez.  Good, now they'd be separated.  His plan was proceeding perfectly.

"Giwez!" the Tfiwath yelled, "Don't go too far" Oh, don't worry, Tfiwath.  He will.

"Right!  Got it!" the Giwez yelled back.  Don't resist it, Giwez.  You'll be dead before this is over.

Askratan slashed again at the Tfiwath, but he dodged it.  Then the Tfiwath made a few of his own swipes with his sword, though they were fairly weak.  Askratan was able to block them easily.

"What are you trying to do, Tfiwath?" Askratan said, with a thrust and a parry.  "Just join us, and you won't need to go through this." Again, he slashed, blocked, sliced, and parried.

"No!  I'll never join you!" the Tfiwath said, as he did the same.

"Well then, if you will not, you will die." Askratan withdrew from the Tfiwath and sheathed his sword.  Then, he changed.

*  *  *  *  *

Ian didn't know what was happening.  All of a sudden, Askratan was changing into something else, something...  sinister.  It looked like those things they saw before in town.  It was the true form of Them, the Ejhklyos.

His head was shaped like a big cat's, with slits for eyes and a mouth full of teeth, and no visible ears.  His skin was red and leathery.  He walked on four legs, and they looked like that of a huge wolf.  His feet had numerous claws.  On his back were five horns, and he had a crest going down the middle of the back of his head.  Then, he spoke.

"<TFIWATH!  I AM FINISHED PLAYING WITH YOU!  JOIN US, OR DIE!>" Askratan pounced on Ian, but Ian sliced back, hitting his belly.  But...  it had no effect.  Ian slashed again at his head, but Askratan caught his sword with his claws.  Ian tried to get Askratan any way he could, but nothing worked.  Was his sword armed?  Yes, he had remembered to take it off of the "spar" setting.  Weren't these supposed to be powerful enough to slice through Them?  He didn't understand.  

After another minute of grappling with Askratan, Ian remembered something Giwez had told him at training.  There was another setting, that was extra special.  Ian looked at his sword.  He noticed, while dodging one of Askratan's claws, that there was a small red button on the bottom of the pommel.  He pressed it, not knowing what it would do.  The blade glowed white for a second, and Ian repositioned himself.  Ian slashed again at Askratan's head.  Askratan tried again to catch it with his claws, but the sword cut into his foot instead.  Ian thrust at Askratan's chest and connected, but didn't cut very deep.  Still, Askratan screamed.  It was an Ejhklyos scream, the most morbid and spine tingling scream Ian had ever heard.  It caught Ian a little off guard.  He staggered back a bit.  It gave Askratan time to pounce at him.  It knocked  Ian over.  Askratan was now on top of Ian, trying to bit at his head.  Ian slashed with his sword as best he could, and caught Askratan's flank.  Then again, and again.  Askratan screamed again, and rolled off of Ian.  

Ian got up, slowly, and sliced at Askratan's back.  This time it went in deep.  Askratan's screams got louder.  He was lying on the ground, in agony.  Then Ian finished it.  He lifted his sword high and sliced off Askratan's head.  Thick black goo seeped out of Askratan's neck, and a final, blood curdling noise escaped Askratan's body.  He was dead.

Ian rested for a bit.  The battle hadn't been long, but it had taken everything Ian had.  Not long after that, though, he remembered.  Giwez!

*  *  *  *  *

"Tfiwath!" Giwez yelled.  "Where are you?!" Giwez was not doing well.  He was trying to fight off this strange creature, but it was much harder than he thought it would be.  No simulation or practice had prepared him for this.  He didn't know if he could win.  He tried all of the tricks he knew, but the thing kept coming at him.  He thought he had knocked it out once, but it wasn't down for long.  Giwez would be soon, though, if Tfiwath didn't show up.  Where was he?

"Giwez!  Where are you?" He heard Tfiwath's voice!  He didn't sound like he was nearby, though.  Giwez dodged a claw slash from the thing and broke into a run.

"Over here!  This things beating me good!  I need help!" Giwez yelled.

"Alright, I'm coming!"

"Wait, what about the other one?"

"I killed it already.  Don't worry about it." Wow, Tfiwath had killed his.  Impressive.  Giwez just hoped Tfiwath could help him with this one.

Then, all of a sudden, Giwez was knocked over, and the wind was knocked out of him.  He landed on his chest and his sword flew off somewhere.  He felt the thing on his back, its claws digging into him.  Then he felt teeth driving into his neck.

"Tfiwaaaaaaaath!" he screamed.  No...  he wouldn't make it in time.  He'd have to go on alone.  But Giwez knew he could.  Tfiwath was strong.  He'd survive, even if Giwez didn't.  Giwez felt himself being torn apart by the thing.  His whole body burned in unearthly pain.  Then...  it was black.

*  *  *  *  *

"Giwez!  I'm coming!" Ian ran as fast as he could, like he had never run before.  It was probably too late already...  he could feel it...  but no, it couldn't be.  "Giwez!  Hang on!"  But then he saw it.  The Ejhklyos was tearing into the body of Giwez.  He was dead, and Tfiwath couldn't save him.  Ian stopped in his tracks.  Then the Ejhklyos looked up.  He turned his hideous, blood stained head towards Ian.  Then, he changed back into a humanoid form and walked over to Ian.

"Hmph.  He wasn't really much of a challenge.  I see, though, that you did well against Askratan." Ian couldn't speak.  He had nothing to say.  He just fell to his knees in despair.

"Take me," Ian said.  Those were the only two words that could escape his lips.

"Oh, giving up so easily, are we?  Well, then.  Don't worry, our prison cells aren't too uncomfortable." The Ejhklyos walked over, bound him up, and then Celer V disappeared.  He was inside a building.  The Ejhklyos took him to the prison and threw him inside.  It was dark, and Ian couldn't see a thing.  He didn't move for a long time.  There was no reason to.  Giwez was gone, he was captured, and he had no idea what to do.  He only wondered how the rest of his group had fared...