Suddenly, Cyame felt strange.

"Wow, that felt weird," he said.

"What?" Rhotbronet asked.

"My head felt like crap for a second.  Seems to be gone now, though.  Don't worry about it."

"Alright..." They had just split up from the rest of the group.  Ian went with Giwez, Cyame was with Rhotbronet, Kosjanc went with Betronros, and Mrac went with Natobr.  Seemed like good pairings.  Hopefully no one would get killed...  or captured.

Cyame wasn't sure what to do next, though.

"Where should we go?" Rhotbronet asked.

"I don't know...  maybe this way." Cyame pointed towards the east, to an area that looked inhabited.

"Sounds as good as anything," Rhotbronet said.  They got on their bikes and rode off.  As they rode, they talked.  The ride was long, so there was much time to get to know each other.  Cyame found out quite a bit about Rhotbronet.  It seemed that he came from the richer part of the Salvation, but never liked it that much.  He would often go and visit the poorer areas and associate with the people there.  He never liked his rich upbringing, and becoming a Saver seemed to be the best way to escape it.  It was certainly noble of him, if nothing else.

Cyame told Rhotbronet much about himself, as well.  By the time they reached their destination, it seemed like they knew everything about each other.  Cyame spoke.

"Rhotbronet, I feel like I should make you a promise."

"Yeah?  What kind of promise?"

"I promise you that whatever happens, we'll never be separated."

Rhotbronet smiled. "Right.  Sounds good.  Brothers stick with brothers, right?"

Cyame smiled back.  "You got it."

They continued riding, and soon they noticed that the ground was getting flatter.  Perhaps it was civilization, which meant people to save.  Then, they saw it.  A man standing in the middle of a circle of houses, looking into the sky.  Cyame called to him.

"Sir!"

The man looked at Cyame.  "What?!  Go away!  I'm contemplating!" Cyame was confused.

"Contemplating what?" he asked.  The man looked like he was thinking for a moment.  Then, he spoke again.

"Contemplating...  things.  And their...  thingness," he said.  Ah.  Now Cyame understood...

"What's your name?" Rhotbronet asked.

"Why don't you come closer so I don't have to yell at you?!" the man yelled.  Perhaps because you told us to go away, Cyame thought.  Either way, they walked up to the town so they could speak with him better.

"So," Rhotbronet asked, "who are you, exactly?"

"I am Phaf," the man said.  "This is my town, Krestik."

"Does anyone live here besides you?" Cyame asked.

"Oh, yes.  You just can't see them."

"You mean they're inside?" Rhotbronet asked.

"No, there's one right next to you.  But you can't see him.  Neither can I."

"But...  then...  how do you know he's there?" Cyame asked.  It seemed a simple question, but Phaf thought about it for a while.

"Hmmm...  Very good question.  Very good question.  Perhaps I could answer it if you took your hand out of my pocket."  Cyame got more confused by the second.  Who was this crazy man?

"Well, sir...  we're Savers from the Salvation, and we'd like to bring you back..." Rhotbronet said.

"Savers!  From the Salvation, you say?  Excellent!  Then you must have some cake." Phaf showed them inside one of the houses.  They followed, for some reason.  When they entered, they found the house was empty.  There was nothing inside but a single table in the middle of the room.

"Here, my good friends!  Have some cake." Phaf showed them to the table.

"Sir," Cyame said, "I hate to tell you, but...  there's no cake."

"What!" Phaf looked utterly shocked.  "Someone ate all of it already!  How could they do such a thing!  And while I wasn't looking!"

"But...  you can't see them anyway..." Rhotbronet said.

"Indeed.  So I wouldn't know who the perpetrator was even if I had been looking...  You're very astute, young one." Phaf then walked over to his closet.  "This, however, will blow your mind." He opened the door.  Inside was a man.  It was a strange looking man.  He spoke.

"Greetings.  I am Sneltrax."

*  *  *  *  *

Sneltrax wondered why it had been so easy.  Askratan had an entire master plan worked out, every detail perfected.  Of course, he wouldn't go through with all of it.  He'd probably screw up part of it, or all of it.  He'd catch the Tfiwath, though.  Sneltrax could be sure of that.

However, Sneltrax hadn't planned quite so much.  He had just found this old man in his little abandoned town and asked him to help catch some Savers.  So he did.  Phaf was a bit crazy, but he had done his job.  Here they were, Savers.

"So, Smelltank, here you are," Phaf said.

"That's Sneltrax.  And thank you.  You may go."

"Go?  Go where?" Phaf looked confused.

"Anywhere besides here.  I have to deal with these two."

"Deal?" Rhotbronet said.  "With us?  In what way?"

"I'll tell you once this crazy old man leaves."

"Crazy, am I?" Phaf said.  "Then who was it that brought these Savers to you?"

"You did, and I thank you for that," Sneltrax said.

"Now are you going to apologize?" Phaf said.

"What? Why?" Sneltrax was starting to get angry.

"You called me crazy.  You should apologize."

"Okay..." Sneltrax paused for a bit.  "I'm...  sorry."

"Great!  Now have some cake."  Phaf pointed at the table.

"There is...  no cake," Sneltrax said.

"Ah, yes.  The quick one told me that earlier." Phaf walked over to a chair next to the table and sat down.  "But I'm not going anywhere."

"Of course you are.  You're leaving, now!" Sneltrax was losing his patience with the old man.  He had Savers to kill.  His time was being wasted.

"No need to yell!  And you'll have to apologize again for that.  Don't think I'll offer you anymore cake, either, ever again.  Or pie, even."  Phaf folded his arms in front of him and sat there, defiantly.

"Argh!" Sneltrax was getting frustrated.  "I've had enough of you!" Sneltrax grabbed Phaf and threw him across the room, out of the house.  Phaf lay where he fell, shocked and stupefied.  The Savers didn't move a muscle.  After a couple of tense moments, Phaf stood up and spoke.

"Wow, you're strong," he said.  "But don't think you can just get rid of me like that.  I'm not a rag doll to be tossed around.  And it was probably you who ate all of my cake anyway!" Sneltrax had had it now.  He ran at Phaf, and just by instinct, he changed into his true form.  He pounced on Phaf, knocking him into the ground and digging his claws into Phaf's skin.  He turned around to look at the Savers, but they were gone.  Must have been scared away.  They can't have gone far, though.  Sneltrax took care of Phaf quickly.  There was nothing left of him afterwards.

*  *  *  *  *

After Cyame had seen that strange man, or thing, Sneltrax, change into something sinister and evil, he broke into a run.  He didn't care if Rhotbronet followed.  He knew he would.  Besides the fact that they had made the promise, Cyame was sure Rhotbronet didn't want to stick around to see Phaf torn apart, or to find out what the heck that thing was.

Suddenly, though, Cyame stopped.  So did Rhotbronet.

"Wait, we can't run," Cyame said.

"What?  Why?  You saw that thing!  It'll kill us with no trouble!"

"No, no it won't.  It's one of Them. I know it.  We have to go back."  Cyame started to go back in the other direction.

"You can't!  I know it's probably one of Them, too, but..."  Rhotbronet struggled for words.

"But nothing.  I don't really care about the old man, but that thing wanted us.  It'll have us."  So they went.  Rhotbronet was pretty much speechless.  He followed, not knowing what was in store.

When they got back to the circle of houses, they saw Sneltrax there, in humanoid form.  He had been waiting.

"Welcome back.  Ready to be dealt with now?"

"You know it," Cyame said.  "But first, I want you to meet someone.  He's a friend of mine."

"What?  Who?"  Sneltrax looked confused.  Then Cyame unsheathed his Saver Sword and ran at Sneltrax.

"I call him Wings of Steel!" Cyame slashed at Sneltrax, but he took out his sword and immediately blocked with seemingly no effort.

"Hm.  A name for his sword.  How cute." Sneltrax smirked.

"Yes, and he wants to know you better." Cyame slashed and sliced again, but Sneltrax blocked easily.  Cyame tried to find a weakness, but Sneltrax was quite skilled with a sword.

"Why not just give up now?" Sneltrax said, and attacked, slashing at Cyame.  Cyame blocked and staggered back, trying his hardest not to look weak.  He wasn't doing a very good job of it.  Sneltrax just wouldn't stop.

Where was Rhotbronet, anyway?

"Back off of him, Sneltrax!" Ah, there he was.  Rhotbronet came running at the back of Sneltrax and slashed, but Sneltrax still blocked.  They tried to take him on together, but he was extremely fast and agile.  They fought for what seemed like hours, trying to find a way to break him, but they only ended up exhausting themselves.  They finally both collapsed on the ground.

"Heh.  Giving up so soon, are we?" Sneltrax walked over to Cyame.  He would have run, but he was too tired to move.  Sneltrax grabbed his arm and picked him up.  He put his sword to Cyame's neck.

"Please...  don't..." Cyame choked out.

"Don't what?  You've already shown what a weakling you are, and now you're begging me not to kill you?  Is that it?"  Sneltrax tightened his grip on Cyame's arm.  "I don't care at all for you Savers, but one of you will have to go with me."  Sneltrax smirked.  "Or one of you will die.  Take your pick."

"I'll...  die first...  before I go with you..."

"No," Rhotbronet cut in.  "I'll go."  Cyame was shocked.

"But...  I promised..."

"I know.  But it's going to be broken either way.  I'd rather take the road where we can meet back up together, before we both die."

"Hmph," Sneltrax said, "how sentimental." He threw Cyame back on the ground.  "I'll be taking him then.  Have a nice solar cycle." Sneltrax walked over to Rhotbronet, grabbed his arm, and disappeared.

Cyame was left there, laying on the ground.

*  *  *  *  *

Calik had been walking around for a while.  He was bored.  Yesterday had been interesting.  He had met two Savers, who looked quite formidable.  One was named Tfiwath, and another named Giwez.  He had beaten back Askratan, as well, for the umpteenth time.

But today...  today was boring.  He'd been strolling along this area of Phaf's Krestik, the fake one, for a while now.  He thought he saw something going on in there, but...  probably nothing.

As he got closer, however, he saw it.  A Saver, lying on the ground.  Looked like his day was about to get more interesting.  He went over to Phaf's Krestik and looked at the body of the Saver.  He looked unconscious, and as if he had been so for many hours.  He looked pretty beat up, and his sword was on the ground beside him.  Calik kicked him on the side, and poured some liquid on his head.

"Dead yet?" he asked.

"Ugh...  can't believe that happened..." The Saver looked up at Calik.  "Huh?  Who're you?"

"I am Calik.  I saw that you'd been beaten miserably, most likely by an Ejhklyos.

"A...  what?" the Saver asked.

"Ejhklyos.  Your kind call them Them," Calik replied.

"Oh yeah...  Sneltrax," the Saver said.  Calik knew Sneltrax well.

"Ah, yes, one of the Master's lieutenants.  A formidable foe." After Calik said this, the Saver tried to stand up.  "Huh, a persistent one.  You truly think you can do any saving in your condition?"

"What 'condition?' I'm fine..." The Saver said, as he struggled to stand.

"Indeed.  A victim of the Ejhklyos exhaustion techniques never quite understands his plight.  You'll need to rest a few days first.  Then, maybe you'll be ready to go out and get killed completely next time."

"Thanks for the vote of confidence." The Saver started to walk off.

"What is your name, Saver?" Calik asked.

"Cyame.  Zax Cyame."

"You don't really think you can win this battle, do you?" he asked.  He'd never understood the cause of the Savers.  He marveled at this dying Saver, still continuing on.

"I don't know, but I'll keep going, for my people..." the Saver said, as he fell over on the ground.

"You should give up now, while you're still alive.  Maybe next time you'll survive the battle.  This time you lost.  It's over."  Calik watched as he struggled to his feet again.

"No, I'll keep going.  Where's the nearest city?" Cyame asked.  Calik was sure he'd never make it there, but he pointed towards Krestik

"That way.  Krestik.  The real one."

"Thanks." The Saver started walking.  Hm.

"And take this," Calik said, and threw him a bottle of his favorite quick remedy drink.

"What's this?"

"A bottle of Yelkirwudt.  It will cure any wounds you sustained from your battle with Sneltrax.  They say it is preferred by the Master himself." Calik knew it was untrue, but it was interesting to say.  Cyame drank it, and seemed to look a bit better.

"Thanks," Cyame said.  Then he walked off.  Calik hoped he'd be able to take care of himself.  At least that, since he didn't look very good at taking care of other people...