Stull was excited.  He got to go with Cyame and save people!  He'd never met a Saver like Cyame before  All the other ones had been apathetic, or arrogant, or some had just been mean.  This one, Cyame, was all about the Outsiders.  He didn't focus on himself so much.  He would be awesome to follow around.

But, no, he couldn't just follow Cyame around.  He had to help.  There was no point in being with him if he didn't help.  But...  how could help?

"Alright, Stull, let's go." Cyame said.

"Go where?" Stull asked.

"Deeper into Krestik.  I didn't come here just to save one man.  There's a whole city to save.  Let's go."

"Okay." Stull thought for a moment.  Yes!  "Let's go this way." Stull pointed.

"Hm?  What's that way?" Cyame asked.  Stull didn't answer.  He just ran in that direction.  It was the place with the most people.  He knew if he introduced them to Cyame, they'd love him.  He hoped so, anyway.  "Stull!  Wait!"  Cyame called.  Oops...  He remembered that Cyame couldn't run as fast as he could.  He caught up, though, eventually.  He was breathing heavily.

"Sorry, you're not as fast as me," Stull said.

"I'll say!  You're faster than Them!"

"Nah, not quite.  But I did outrun a rastgyod once."

"A what?" Cyame looked confused.

"Wild animal that lives in the city.  I've seen a couple people keep the smaller ones as pets.  Pretty fast."

"Right.  Anyway, where are we going?"

"To the center of town.  Lots of people are there this time of day." Stull walked there this time.  He was supposed to be helping, not wearing Cyame out.  When they got there, Stull noticed something strange.

"Um...  I thought you said there were lots of people here this time of day." Cyame said.  Yes, that was it.  There was no one here.  Quite strange, indeed.  But why?

"I don't know what's going on today, but...  something must not be right," Stull said.  He knew it should be like this.  "Let's hide."

"Hide?  What are you, paranoid?  Besides, any dangerous thing that could attack us, I can take of it, no problem." Cyame said.  He didn't look too confident about that, though.

"Right.  You take care of it, and I'll hide." Stull darted behind a nearby pile of bricks.  He was a master of stealth.  He'd hide and wait for whatever was coming to come.  He figured that's what everyone was doing.  But Cyame...

"Weenie!  Can't believe you.  Hiding from make believe dangers.  I bet they're all just eating now," Cyame said.  Hm.  Perhaps he was more arrogant than Stull had realized.

Just at that moment, however, Stull saw something behind a fallen pillar next to Cyame.  It was sneaking up him.  It was about to...

"Cyame!  Look out!" Stull ran out from his hiding place and after the thing.  Soon, however, he realized what it was.  It was one of Them.  Then he started running away.  Hopefully he really was faster than Them...

*  *  *  *  *

Cyame saw Stull run away, and the weird thing run after him.  What was that?  It was red, ran on four legs, had lots of teeth, and five horns on its back.  Then, he saw more of them.  There were a lot more of them.  They were all coming towards him.  Not good, Cyame thought.  These aren't rastgyods, are they?  No...  it was...

Then, one of them changed into...  something resembling a human, kind of.  Cyame became more confused by the moment, and he still didn't have a sword.  Drat.

"Greetings, Saver," one of them said.  "Sorry about your little friend.  He'll be dead soon." Bah.  Stull was the one person Cyame was sure he wouldn't lose.  As long as his strength and speed held up, he'd be fine.

"Don't be so sure.  He looks puny, but he could take any one of you on.  By the way, who are you?"

"My name's not important, but I am one of the Ejhklyos."

"The who?" Cyame asked.

"You call us Them.  We are here to destroy you and your Saver friends." Great.  A bunch of Them to fight, with no sword.  But what the heck.

"Bring it on." Cyame assumed a tough looking stance.  It didn't seem so convincing to the Them, however.

"Heh." At that moment, he changed back, and charged.  Cyame caught him by the head.  He tried to bite, but Cyame held his mouth closed.  Cyame grabbed one of the horns on his back and threw him into the nearby building.  Then the rest of them came running out.  One of them slashed his claw at Cyame, but Cyame grabbed it and swung the monster into the one beside it.  Another tried to ram his back, but Cyame turned around into time to kick his head.  The one next to him he flipped over, grabbed the one he had just kicked, and rammed the horns into the stomach.  Then he grabbed both threw them into the one that had first attacked him.

Another ran at him with his mouth wide open, teeth ready to sink into his flesh, but at the last second, he ran behind another of Them.  The one's teeth sank into the other, and they began to fight.  Another couple joined in, too.  Less for Cyame to worry about, at least.

The ones over by the building were getting up.  He had to find some way to dispose of Them quickly.  Hand-to-hand wouldn't work.  Then he saw it.  A discarded, old, rusty Saver Sword.  What was it doing here?  No matter.  Cyame picked it up and walked over to the three by the wall.

"Want some?  Huh?" Cyame yelled at them.  THey got up, staggering and dripping black goo.  Cyame readied the sword.  Then, he attacked.

Cyame wasn't sure exactly what Galkit had given him, or how he had revived him, but it seemed he was now able to perform superhuman feats, because before he knew it, all three were on the ground, wallowing in their own blood.  He looked back, and the others were still fighting.  Looked like one had lost already.  Cyame just watched.  He couldn't believe it.  Three of Them were trying to tear each other apart.  Strange.  He watched until a second one's head got torn off.  The two that were left turned and looked at Cyame and ran at him.

He brandished the sword, sliced at each of their legs, and cut off their horns.  He then sliced off both of their heads, and cut their torsos in half again for good measure.

But there were still more.  They had been waiting for their chance.  A whole legion of them ran at Cyame, chomping and clawing at him.  He sliced, chopped, thrusted...  a head sliced off here, a horn sliced there, black goo all over the place.  He dispatched them one by one, but they wouldn't stop.  Like flies to a rotton corpse they came, all of them trying their hardest to kill Cyame, or at least disarm or injure him.  Cyame, however, wouldn't let them.  He couldn't.  He had people to save, and he would not be deterred by this wretched band of monsters.

It went on for hours.  He killed almost 200 or more of them.  They all died by his sword.  Then...  all of a sudden, it stopped.  It was over.  All that remained was a pile of corpses.  Cyame had won.  He didn't know how he had done it.  He also didn't know what he would do now.

*  *  *  *  *

Stull finally stopped running.  The thing, the Them, had probably stopped a long time ago.  Stull wasn't thinking, though.  Now he didn't know where he was.  Not good.

He saw a building not too far from him, though, with lights on inside.  He thought he should probably ask whoever was inside how to get back to central Krestik.  He was still in Krestik, he thought, but not very close to where Cyame was.  These people might know.

He got up to the door, and he heard voices inside.  They didn't sound like human voices, though.  They were...  uh oh.  Stull darted the side.  Hopefully they hadn't seen him at the door.  He climbed up the side of the building and looked in the window.  Two of Them were inside!  He listened intently to their conversation.

"The report from unit 371240 is that the Saver in central Krestik has destroyed all Ejhklyos units, excepting three, which are unit 371240, and us."

"Hmph.  How could one Saver do that?"

"I'm not sure, but it means he is not to be taken lightly.  He may cause trouble for us."

"It is of no consequence.  We have the Tfiwath now."

"Who?"

"Another Saver.  Askratan was sent out to retrieve him.  He was killed, but Quemlash brought him back to headquarters."

"Yeah, and what's so special about him?"

"The Master says he's the most powerful Saver out now, and he has devised a way to make him help us destroy the Salvation."

"Really?  How's he plan to do that?"

"I'm not sure.  The Master has his plans.  We're not part of them."

"Hmm.  Indeed." Stull was stunned.  A Saver had been captured.  What could they do?  They had to go save him.  Apparently, the boss of Them was preparing something.  It didn't sound good.  He ran back the way he came as fast as he could.  Even if he didn't know where he was, he knew he had to get back to Cyame, and quickly.

*  *  *  *  *

Cyame stood there, and looked at the pile of Them corpses.  Had he actually done that?  Yes, he had.  He knew he had.  But he didn't know how he had.  Must have been those crazy steroids Galkit had given him.  Maybe Stull's superpowers had rubbed off on him.  That kid was crazy.  Cyame couldn't believe how strong and fast he was.  It was almost like he was a mutant or something.  That kid would go places.  Speaking of, where had he gone?

He wouldn't worry about that right now.  He had to find where all the people in this town had gone.  Krestik looked like such a huge city, but where were the people?

Wait, he saw something.  Something in the shadows.  It looked human.  It poked its head out again.  Yes, it was human.  Then it came out.  A bunch of them came out, to look at the huge pile of corpses that Cyame had killed.  They looked astonished, unable to speak.  But one of them did.

"Was it..  You...  that did all this?" he asked.

"Um...  yeah, I guess." Cyame said.

"Amazing.  How did you do it?"

"I've been wondering that myself, but it looks like there are no more of Them now."

"Yes, yes.  But...  who are you, anyway?"

"I'm Zax Cyame, a Saver from the Salvation." They all gasped.

"Really?" the one asked.  They all came out when they hear it.  The entire city came out, to see Cyame.  Such a thing had never been seen before on Krestik.  All they remembered was that one day, when she...  she...  her name was...  Tecvah.  The night she had been lost had been burned in their memories.  That's what they remembered of Savers.  Cyame, on the other hand, had actually saved them.

The whole city came out to see it.

"We...  we haven't experienced such a thing as this before.  And...  we want to go back with you, now that we have seen."

"Really?  You...  all of you?" Cyame asked.

"All of us," he replied.  So it was.  Cyame called the shuttle, or shuttles, and the whole city was brought to the Salvation.  And Cyame rejoiced.

But it was far from over.

*  *  *  *  *

Stull could see central Krestik in the distance.  He'd be there in not too long.  He had to tell Cyame the news.  It was bad news.  They'd all be killed if...

Suddenly, Stull saw a bunch of shuttles rising into the sky.  Enough to hold the entire town of Krestik.  Wait, had Cyame...?  The whole city?

Stull arrived back at the city square.  He saw Cyame there, alone, standing next to a huge pile of corpses.

"What happened here?" Stull asked.

"Ah, Stull, you're back.  Where'd you go?" Cyame asked back.

"Answer my question first."

"Oh.  I killed a ton of Them, and sent all of Krestik back to the Salvation." Stull was amazed.  The whole town...  it was more than he could imagine.  There were more important things to think about now, though, like the whole galaxy...

"Yeah, great, but I have some bad news.  They took one of the Savers, and they're gonna use him to destroy the Salvation."

"What?!  Who is it?" Cyame asked exasperated.

"They said it's the most powerful one out here right now.  Who do you think it could be?" Stull asked.  Looked like Cyame was thinking.

"Ian.  It must be Ian.  Where do you think they took him?"

"I dunno...  but we could go back to that building that I saw and find out.  Looks like you have some newfound strength.  you could break in with no trouble."

"Yeah," Cyame said, "though I'm not sure where it came from." Stull knew.  Galkit's formulas were amazing.  It had helped Stull to become what he was now, and he had helped Galkit stay healthy for this long.  Stull didn't know how he made them, but he knew they were incredible.

"Let's go," Stull said.  "It's this way."

"I'm afraid, though, that I can't run as fast as- Whoa!" Stull picked up Cyame and started running.  They didn't have any time to waste.  They had to get there as soon as possible.

*  *  *  *  *

Cyame was perpetually amazed at Stull.  Always so super fast and super strong, and he was just a kid.  He was just ten years old.  WHatever he was, he was running like a frightened cockroach to the building he had mentioned.  Cyame hoped Ian was alright.  He had been captured by Them.  They would pay.

When they got there, Stull put Cyame down and looked inside the window.

"There they are," Stull said, "two of Them, just sitting there." Cyame took a look.

"Yep.  They'll stand up when I enter, though." Cyame went over to the huge door in front, sized it up, and kicked it over with all his newfound might.  He was right.  They did stand up.

"Who are you?!" one of them said.

"My name's Zax Cyame.  I'm looking for directions to the main HQ."

"He wants to know the directions to the Citadel...  wait, are you the one who...?"

"Yes," Cyame replied.  "I killed a ton of you goons, and I'm gonna kill two more if you don't give me the directions right now."

"Alright," the other said.  "Here are the coordinates."

"What!" the first one said.  "Giving them to him that easily?"

"You heard what unit 371240 said!  He's extremely dangerous!"

"Extremely dangerous..." Cyame said.  "I like the sound of that..."

"Don't you know what would happen if the Master found out?"

"Which death do you think would be more painful?"

"Certainly death from the Master."

"I'm sure he'd understand in this circumstance."

"Indeed not!  He'd throw us in the boiling Krask room!"

"It would be getter than-"

"Stop!" Stull yelled.  "Just give us the directions, or coordinates, or whatever, before we blow up this whole building!"

"Um..." Cyame thought for a second.  "Could you do that?"

"No," Stull said, "but these guys are really getting on my nerves."

"Alright," the first one said, "here's your coordinates."

"Thank you," Stull said.

"Stinking kid..." the first one said.  With that, they were off.  The coordinates didn't look far.  Cyame was surprised to find out that the Main HQ, the Citadel he'd called it, was on Celer V.  It was something the Salvation Intelligence people probably should have known.  There was no time to think about that now, though.  Got to save Ian!