"Uh oh." Kosjanc felt very nervous for a second.  Of course, he always felt nervous, especially here on Celer V.  He was here to show his family that he could do it.  They had never believed in him before.  Now, they would.  They'd see.  He'd do so well out here that they'd praise him and compliment him all over the place when he got back.  Yeah, when he got back...  that was a long time from now.  He'd live, though.  He'd just wait it out.  It was only 24 months.

"'Uh oh' what?" Betronros asked.

"Oh, I just had a weird feeling all of a sudden," Kosjanc replied.

"Yeah, me too.  I feel better now, though.  Let's just hope it's not anything serious." Betronros got on his cycle and started riding off.

"Wait!" Kosjanc yelled.  "Where are you going?"

"This way," Betronros pointed, "to our assignment.  It's where I used to live, too.  I want to go see some of my old friends, see if they'll come back with me.  My family's there, too."

"Oh, sounds like as good of a plan as any." Kosjanc followed along.  He didn't know where to go, or what to do, so he figured he'd follow whoever did.  He didn't know what he was doing out here, but whatever.

"Hey, Kosjanc!  Hurry up!" Betronros yelled.  He rode so much faster than Kosjanc did.

"Yeah, yeah, I'm coming." He rode along at a modest speed.  How much farther was it?

"Step it up!  It'll take a whole lot longer at this speed." Betronros was so strong.  It meant that Kosjanc didn't have to worry about Them, probably.  Betronros would take care of Them, he hoped.

They rode on for what seemed like hours.  Where was the place they were looking for?  Kosjanc couldn't see anything for miles.  It was all death and destruction, piles of junk, bricks, old scraps of metal, fallen buildings...  but wait, was that something?  Yes, in the distance!  They'd arrived!

"Is this it?" Kosjanc asked.

"This...  is it.  The place where I used to live.  It's...  Sketkrus!" Sketkrus?  Weird name, but it was civilization.  At least, it was its nearest equivalent.

"So you used to live here?" Kosjanc asked.

"Yeah.  I was only saved a year ago.  That's why I came here, to save those that wouldn't come with me before.  I didn't have any control then, or much hope.  But now I have it all.  I can help them all.  I can show them the better way."

"Better way...  yeah." They began riding towards the city.  It wasn't that large.  Most of it was covered by junk, toppled buildings, misplaced metals, and there was concrete everywhere.  It was a sea of grey and blackness.  What could they seriously accomplish here?  It looked hopeless, but Betronros was pumped to do it, so they would.

They got to the main city soon enough.  Kosjanc wasn't sure it was safe here, and he didn't see very many people.  Betronros was running over to one of the small houses.  Where was he going?  There was nothing over there, except...

"Kosjanc!  Come on over!" Betronros called to him.  He went over.  What kind of idiot was this?

"What are you doing?" he asked.

"Look," Betronros pointed, "it's my old house.  My family's probably inside." Betronros went farther into the house, and, as he had said, there were two older looking, decrepit people sitting around a fire in a small room.

"Hmm?!  Caff!  What are you doing here?" the man said.

"Mom!  Dad!  I came to save you!  To save all of Sketkrus?  I came from the Salvation!" Betronros looked extremely excited.

"Wow, did you hear that, Mother?  He's come back to save us," the man said.

"Aww, how sweet," the woman said.  "It's too bad, really.  I've grown to quite like it here.  Haven't you, Papa?"

"Indeed I have.  I'm sorry, Caff.  I sure hope you like it on the Salvation."

"But...  but..." Betronros looked flustered, most likely due to the couple's apathetic reaction.

"Don't worry, Caff," said the woman, "we're fine here.  It's nice, and we're comfortable.  You can go back to the Salvation.  I'm really glad you visited, though."

"Oh, yes," the man said, "it was wonderful to see you again."

"But what...  why...?" Betronros had a look of complete disbelief on his face.

"It's fine, Caff," the woman said, "we can make it on our own.  I know you enjoy the Salvation very much, but we're just different from you.  You could go talk to Eldus, though."

"Eldus?  But Mom, Dad..." Betronros looked disappointed and frustrated.

"Eldus knows all about the Salvation.  You can ask him," the man said.

"But...  who's..." Now Betronros just looked confused.  Kosjanc was, too.  What was going on here?

A man showed up at the door.  "Someone called for me?"

"Who are you?" Kosjanc asked.

"I'm Eldus.  Who else?"

*  *  *  *  *

Betronros was taken aback, and taken out.  He felt like a fool.  His parents had just completely rejected him, and there was this character that had just showed up.  He apparently knew everything about the Salvation, but why hadn't he been Saved yet?

"You're Eldus?" Kosjanc said.

"Yes," Eldus said.  "Nice to meet you.  I know much about you, and your Salvation.  In fact, I'd like to talk to you about a few things."

"Well, we don't really have a whole lot of time..." Betronros said.

"It won't take long.  Please step into my house.  Or dwelling.  Or whatever it is.  It's been a bit...  destroyed.  Well, everything has, actually," Eldus replied.

"Yes, we can see.  That's why we're here," Betronros said.

"Right.  Anyway, come with me." They followed Eldus into his "house." It was a box-like thing made of broken concrete, scraps of metal, a huge tarp, and some nailed together boards, all put together to make the ugliest dwelling in existence.  Betronros wasn't paying much attention to that, however.  He was thinking more about this Eldus.  What was he doing here?

"What is it you wanted to talk to us about, Eldus?" Kosjanc said.

"I've studied much about the Salvation.  It's very interesting.  I've also learned much concerning Them.  Some say They are actually called the Ejhklyos."

"Really?" Kosjanc looked interested. "Wow.  Tell us more."

"The Salvation was actually built before They or the Darkness came.  It was supposed to be a huge space colony and commercial center.  After the Darkness came, and everyone was destroyed except for the Salvation, people began to flee to it.  They discovered that the Salvation wasn't harmed because of its design.  It was designed by someone from outside the galaxy, and made by may workers over a period of five years.  They then figured out how to clean people from the Outside of the Darkness, and may people came to the Salvation.  Savers were also sent out to bring in anyone else who would be willing."

"What happened next?" Kosjanc asked.

"Hold on, hold on," Betronros interjected.  "You know all this about the Salvation and about us, and everything, but why aren't you there already?"

"I find study from here to be much more interesting.  If I went there, well, it wouldn't be study, would it?  I'd have to study things out here.  And what's the fun of studying where I already came from?"

"Don't worry about that!" Kosjanc interrupted.  "Tell us more about the Salvation." Eldus looked at Kosjanc.

"Excitable little fellow, isn't he?  So, as I was saying, the Savers were sent out to save those willing to come back to the Salvation.  The main problem with that was, however, that the Outside was quite treacherous, and so the Saver Armor and Saver Swords were developed..."

"Enough!" Betronros yelled.  "You said you wanted to talk to us about some things, right?  I hope it's not just telling us about all of your studies out here."

"Oh, no, indeed not," Eldus said.  "I wanted to discuss with you a few things.  Um, did I mention I enjoy study?"

"Yes, we know." Betronros looked mad.  In fact, he was.

"Indeed.  I wanted to ask the next Savers that came by, which happen to be you two, if I could borrow one of your shuttles." Eldus said, giving a fake smile.

"A shuttle?  What for?" Kosjanc asked.

"There are many things I'd like to study, but it's a bit difficult to do so out here.  Maybe if I could get off-planet..."

"But those shuttles are only for those going to the Salvation," Betronros said.  "If you want to be saved, you can use one.  Otherwise..."

"Hmmm," Eldus mused, "that would be difficult, because I have no need to be saved."

"No need!  Look at where you're living!  You'll die young@  You live in fear of Them every day!" Betronros was getting quite frustrated.

"Not really.  In fact, I spend much of my time in the library, studying all of the books they have there about the Salvation, and the Ejhklyos.  I've written a few of my own books, actually.  If you'd like to read them..."

"No.  No!" Betronros interrupted.  "Kosjanc, let's go.  We don't have any more time to waste in Sketkrus."

"But it was so interesting..." Kosjanc said.  Betronros was angry.  He dragged Kosjanc back with him, out of the city.  Eldus went back into his "home," mumbling to himself.

*  *  *  *  *

"Hmm.  You're sure this is the right place?" Pektak said.

"Indeed.  Wait for them here.  They'll come out of that town soon enough.  Betronros is not the type to stay in a place he's been rejected for too long," his guide said.

"How do you know him?" Pektak asked, curious.

"I met him, there, in Sketkrus.  It was years after the incident."

"Hmm.  I'm certain the Higher Ups did not mean to do such terrible things to you.  I, myself, have not enjoyed being int heir service." Pektak lowered his head.  "But I must, or the Master will be angry."

"I hope everything turns out for you.  I know you said you can't remove this device from me, but...  can't you do anything?" His guide looked at him, eyes longing for freedom.

"No, I cannot.  I have not that power."

His guide looked burdened heavily. "Well, I'll see you some other time."

"Yes.  We will meet again." Pektak smiled.  He smiled a sincere, loving smile.  None of the others could do that.  Only he could.  His guide walked away, perhaps back towards Krestik, perhaps towards the mountains.  Pektak could not tell.  He just did what the Master told him to do.  He did it only because he had to, not because he wanted to.

Then they came.  The one, a stronger looking type, dragging the smaller one.  They must have seen him, because they stopped.  The larger one, whom his guide had called Betronros, spoke to him.

"Who are you?  And...  what...  what are you doing here?"

"My name is Pektak," he said.  He always hated saying the next part.  "I have come to destroy you.  By order of the Master." The small one looked very nervous.

"What!  It's...  one of Them!  They've come to kill us!" The small one tried to run away.

"Kosjanc!  No, stay here!  I'll need your help to beat him!" Betronros tried to hold him, but the small one, apparently called Kosjanc, was able to scramble away.  He seemed to run quite fast.

"Do not worry about him." Pektak said. "You will be my first victim.  I will take care of him later." Pektak readied his sword.  It was a bit small, compared to Pektak's size, but the Savers always seemed to find it quite imposing, as did this one.

"Whoa!  Where'd you get that?" Betronros said.

"It was a gift from the Master.  Please do not concern yourself with that.  I will dispose of you quickly, and then my work can be continued elsewhere." Pektak hated prolonging things like this for too long.

"Alright." Betronros pulled out his own sword.  "Let's go then, if you're so confident."

"I am.  Don't think yourself better than you truly are.  It will only lead to destruction."

"Hmm.  Alright.  Bring it on!"

*  *  *  *  *

Kosjanc saw Betronros pull out his sword, and say something.  The Them (hadn't Eldus called Them the Ejhklyos?) said something else, and then they began.

Kosjanc knew Betronros was the stronger of the two of them, much stronger, in fact.  He seemed like he was holding his own against the Ejhklyos.  He was really good with the sword, but the Ejhklyos' sword was really big...  and it looked like he was stronger than Betronros.  Would Betronros be able to beat him?  At first, Kosjanc was fairly sure, but as he watched the battle further he was less and less confident.

They continued to fight, Betronros staying fairly even with the Ejhklyos.  As they fought, however, Kosjanc could see that Betronros was getting tired.  The Ejhklyos still wouldn't stop.  Nothing seemed to phase him.  He just continued with an endless stream of thrusts, parries, slices, slashes, and a variety of maneuvers that Kosjanc had never even thought possible.  The power that the Ejhklyos displayed was awesome.  Betronros had no way to beat this foe.  Kosjanc knew that the Ejhklyos was far superior to him in every way possible.  The power...  the absolute power...  Kosjanc couldn't believe it.

Betronros was struggling to stay alive at this point.  There was no way he could.  Kosjanc had decided.  It wasn't possible to destroy such power, the power of the Ejhklyos.  Kosjanc wanted that power.  His whole life he had never had it.  He'd always been picked on.  Bullies had always been beating him up.  No one ever liked him very much.  If he had that power, though, they would see.  They'd see that Kosjanc wasn't just someone to be pushed around.  He'd be able to do anything he wanted without fear of anyone.  His family sure would be proud, too.  He came out here because his family had wanted him to.  They thought he could do it.  They should have known he wasn't strong enough for this.  If only he had the power of the Ejhklyos...

His mind flashed back to when he was little.  A bully was beating him up for no reason, except that he could.  It was probably only because was bigger and stronger, and Kosjanc was an easy target.  There was this other kid who walked by and saw them.  He was nice.  He stopped the bully from beating Kosjanc up.  The bully ran away.  Kosjanc remembered that.  The kid told him his father was still on the Outside, that he'd been lost.  He and his mom had come here a few years ago, to the Salvation.  He sure was nice.  Kosjanc thanked him a whole bunch of times.  If only...  if only he'd had that power...  he wouldn't have needed saving.

Betronros finally gave out.  Was he dead?  Just knocked out?  The Ejhklyos didn't seem to care.  He just wanted him out of commission.  That meant...  he'd be coming for Kosjanc next.  That wouldn't be good.  What could he do?  Being brave for the first time in his life, he came out of his hiding place.  Maybe if he talked to the Ejhklyos, he'd spare him, or at least let him off easier than Betronros.

Just then, he had an idea.  That power could be his...  but would the Ejhklyos accept?

"Saver," the Ejhklyos said, "I don't want to kill you.  From the looks of it, you don't stand a chance against me...  but the Master has ordered." The Ejhklyos raised his sword.

"Wait!" Kosjanc yelled out.  "No!  I want to ask you something." The Ejhklyos lowered his sword, listening.  "I...  I..." Kosjanc didn't know if he could get the words out.  "I want to...  join you." The Ejhklyos looked surprised and shocked.

"What did you say, Saver?"

"I want to join the Ejhklyos." Alright.  It was out.  No turning back now...

"A bold statement, Saver.  You aren't just saying that so that I won't kill you, are you?" The Ejhklyos doubted him.  He wouldn't for long.

"No, I'm serious.  I saw your power.  You fought so well, and totally destroyed Betronros.  It's...  incredible...  and I want that power, too.  I don't want to be a weakling anymore."

"Hmm." The Ejhklyos looked like he was thinking it over.  "Are you certain?  There are not many who make the decision to join us.  Even those who do don't last very long after that."

"I don't care," Kosjanc said. "I want to do it.  I don't care what it takes.  I'll do anything for that power."  And he would.  He would do anything.  It was either that or die here.  That wasn't a choice he wanted to make.  He had to go.  This Ejhklyos looked a bit reluctant to take him.  After a minute or so, he spoke.

"If that is the way it will be, I will take you before the Master.  He will decide your fate." The Ejhklyos walked over to him, put his hand on Kosjanc's shoulder, and suddenly, they were somewhere else.  Somewhere strange and unfamiliar.  Could this be the Ejhklyos base?

"Where are we?" he asked.

"Welcome to the Master's Citadel.  I will take you to him." And so they went.

*  *  *  *  *

"Master." The Master turned from looking at the various displays of the areas of Celer V.  He eyed the servant who had so rudely interrupted him.  He hated being interrupted like this, especially if it wasn't very important.  It usually wasn't.

"What is it?" he asked, impatiently.

"Pektak has returned.  He has a report.  And..." the servant paused.

"And?" The Master asked, expectantly.

"And...  a defector." The Master was taken aback.  All this to capture the Tfiwath, and they have another fall right into their hands, prepared to defect to his cause.

"Are they waiting outside?" he asked.

"Yes," the servant answered.  "I will send them in immediately if you wish."

"Please do." They were sent in without delay.  Pektak entered first, looking as he always did, unenthusiastic with his work.  Pitiful one.

"Master, I have a report," Pektak said.

"Proceed."

"The Betronros is decommissioned, and the Kosjanc has just stated that he wishes to join our cause.  I assumed you would wish to speak with him first."

"Yes.  Yes, indeed.  Bring him in." Pektak bowed, turned, and left, returning again with a small, scrawny looking human, who looked quite nervous.

"This is he, the Kosjanc.  I will go now," Pektak said.

"Thank you, Pektak.  You are dismised." Pektak left without delay.  "So, you are Kosjanc.  You wish to join our cause, do you?"

"Yes.  Yes, I do."

"Do you understand what will be expected of you?" The Master always asked this, because Savers that defected never fully understood the implications of such a decision.

"No...  not really..."

"Our purpose is to utterly desecrate, destroy, annihilate, and obliterate the galaxy.  Our goal is for nothing to be left after we are finished.  We are the tools of utter oblivion of this galaxy.  You must realize that by defecting to our side, you give up all you came here to do, which was to 'save' those those on this planet and take them back to your wretched Salvation, and to join with us in an effort to destroy the very Salvation that sent you.  This galaxy has served its purpose.  It has fulfilled its existence.  It need no longer continue.  We are here to see that it does not." The Master paused, waiting for all of what he had just said to sink into the mind of the weakling who stood before him.  "Are you willing to take up that responsibility?" The Kosjanc looked the Master straight in the eyes.

"Yes." That was all he said.  He said it with such determination, such power, such utter bravery...  From that, the Master was sure.  This one no longer cared about anything but himself.  He thought about this for a moment.

"So be it." He signaled to the servant, who took the Kosjanc back to the science laboratories.  If he really wanted it, he would get it.  They would change him.  If he survived, the Master would have a new warrior.  How long he would last was another question.  Defectors never lasted too long, because they were too hasty, too overzealous, too selfish.  He could foresee that this one would go the way of all the others.  The Master would simply wait and watch.

*  *  *  *  *

"Master on the premises!" Feltrish yelled out.  All stopped what they were doing and acknowledged the Master.

"Proceed," the Master said, bidding to go back to their work.  Feltrish was the head of the Genome department of the Master's Citadel Science Laboratories.  The Genome Department ws in charge of perfecting the Ejhklyos design, making more Ejhklyos troops, and helping the occasional defector make the transition to full Ejhklyos.  It was a simple matter of feeding the Ejhklyos genome into the Saver's own bloodstream.  The genome would then seek out all previous genome, and simultaneously destroy the old genome and assimilate itself into the Saver's body.  His DNA would then be permanently be changed.  His size, shape, and features would not change, except he would obtain the ability to shift into "true" Ejhklyos form, and would gain more strength and speed in human form.  Personalities sometimes also changed, but that would depend on the Saver.  The Master was here to see how this particular Saver was progressing.  Feltrish hoped he wouldn't disappoint.

"How is he?" the Master asked.

He's doing remarkably well.  We've given him the normal amount of genome and run the tests, and he should have no problem in human form, and his Ejhklyos form should be quite impressive as well."

"Sounds positive, but I sense there's something else." The Master  said.  Feltrish couldn't hide anything from the Master for long anymore.  He used to do it so well.

"Yes...  it seems...  the Kosjanc could possibly accept another full dose of the genome," Feltrish said.  The Master's eyes went wide.

"Really.  You're sure you didn't calculate anything wrong?"

"Certain.  The Kosjanc seems to have an enormous desire for more and more power.  His mind could handle as much as we could give him.  We've concluded his body could only handle one more full dose before it would rip apart from the inside.  But we'd love to try it." Feltrish looked at the Master.  He hoped his face didn't look too pleading.

"It's never been done before," the Master said.

"Yes," Feltrish replied, excitedly, "but we've never had a specimen like this before.  Pektak's the most success we've had in that area, and his desire for power has been nil from the beginning.  Speaking of that, you know Pektak's been looking for someone to defeat him in battle."

"To release him from his duties," the Master said, thoughtfully.  After a moment, he said, "Alright.  Do it.  Contact me when everything is finished."

"Yes, Master!" Feltrish felt so excited.  He'd waited for a specimen like this his entire career.  Nothing compared previously.  Pektak had been a struggle from the earliest experiments with him.  He'd been specially designed and trained from a very early age.  The Master designed a special sword for him to use.  It was quite large, though Pektak had always said he considered it to be quite small for his size.  He was humble, if nothing else.  Enough about that.  There was a Saver awaiting another dose of genome...  and a battle with Pektak.  Yes, the whole MCSL crew would show up to see it.  It would be Feltrish's finest hour.  He only hoped Kosjanc wouldn't die in the process.  He still wasn't 100% sure that this would all work out.  He would find out soon enough.

*  *  *  *  *

The Master was anxious to see what would become of the Kosjanc.  It seemed that he had an overwhelming potential for power.  Perhaps it was even greater than the Master himself.  Those in the science labs would see that he became as powerful as possible.  The Master hoped he would be of as much use as possible before he went the way of every other defector: death and destruction due to his own pride and arrogance.  Pity.

The Master made his way over to the MCSL as fast as he could.  They should be done by now, as long as Pektak was prepared.  This would be an interesting sight to see.  Pektak would finally find what he said he'd been seeking his whole life: someone stronger, someone more powerful than he who could release him from his duties.  Pektak had never enjoyed any of it.  He was always fighting the Master's orders, though he had enough respect for authority to obey every time.  Perhaps now he would be satisfied.  They would see.

The Master entered the Labs.  All stopped their work for him.  He had told Feltrish not to worry about that, but he insisted.  An annoyance, really.

"Proceed." Everyone went back to work.  It just didn't seem necessary.  No matter.

"Master!  You've come just in time," Feltrish said, looking extremely excited.

"Yes?  Just in time for what?" he asked.

"The final test against Pektak.  Crask was getting a little impatient."

"Crask?" The Master was confused.

"His Ejhklyos name.  He's successfully assimilated the second dose, and his mind could handle plenty more.  His body...  probably not.  But he's certainly a stalwart one," Feltrish explained.

"I see." The Master was surprised.  He did also have to ask, "So, how powerful is he, compared to..."

"You?" Feltrish looked up from his figures.

"Yes."

"Oh, he's...  uh, how should I say this?  In humanoid form, he is .3 percent above you.  In Ejhklyos form..." Feltrish paused.

"Yes?"

"Twice as strong," Feltrish stated, quite bluntly.  So it was.  The Master had expected as much.  This one would either rise to the very top, or his fall would be the greatest of all.  No matter.  For now, he would watch.

Feltrish had placed Crask in a large, white room.  Large enough for a great battle to take place.  There was a large glass window that they looked through, and a microphone that Feltrish spoke through to speak to Crask.  Feltrish leaned into the microphone stand and spoke.

"Crask, awaken." Crask opened his eyes.  He had just been standing there, lifeless.  Now, he was alert, but still did nothing.  Feltrish continued. "We have one final test for you."

"Is this to be the end?  Will I be an Ejhklyos after this?" he asked, in a lifeless voice, void of feeling.

"Yes.  After this, you may join us fully."

"Alright.  Then make it quick." Hmm.  He had become a bi more impatient.  The Master was already beginning to see his destruction.

"Bring in Pektak," Feltrish ordered to his assistant.  The assistant complied immediately.  Pektak was being held in a cell behind the Experimentation Room, which was the one they were looking into.  Soon, the Master saw him enter the room.  Crask looked at him, eyes suddenly full of fire, though he still did not move.

"You...  are the one who killed Betronros," he said.

"Perhaps.  I did not check.  He is decommissioned, that is all."

"Whatever.  I remember your power.  You inspired me to become what I am now."

"My power...  is nothing I desired.  It is what was given to me.  You have a selfish desire for all the power you can gather.  I will make sure that either you are indeed stronger than I in every way, or that I am stronger and you will no longer function." Pektak looked at Crask.  For a while, nothing happened.  Then, Crask spoke.

"Then let it begin," he said.  Pektak drew out his sword.  Just at that moment, Crask's head jerked up and his eyes went wild.  He literally flew across the room towards Pektak, tearing the sword away from his hands and throwing it across the room, away from the scientists.  "No," he said.  "No weapons.  You will fight me.  I won't fight a sword." Forceful one, this, the Master thought.  Quick, too.  Not only twice as strong as the Master, but perhaps twice as fast.  This would be interesting.

"So be it," Pektak said.  He assumed a stance, as did Crask.  Then, Crask relaxed.  Confident, it seemed.  Pektak then proceeded to throw a flurry of punches and kicks aimed at every part of Crask's body.  Crask neither blocked any of them nor did he flinch.  He just stood there, waiting for something.  After Pektak was done, he stood in the stance again, then relaxed.  Then Crask threw a punch, right at Pektak's stomach, that sent him flying across the room to the other side.  He slammed into the wall, and fell to the ground.  Crask continued to stand there, speechless, motionless, and emotionless.  Pektak got up and ran at Crask, but Crask dodged to the other side, and Pektak ran into the wall on the other side of the room.  Pektak turned back, just in time to see Crask running at him, picking him up by the hair and throwing him up into the air.  He came crashing back to the ground.  Crask then proceeded to throw his own flurry of punches at Pektak, as Pektak cowered on the ground.  When Crask was done, he stepped back.  Pektak stood up after a minute or so, bleeding and injured.

"I don't think this will last much longer," Feltrish said.

"No.  Crask is far superior," the Master said.  "Pektak must change into his true form now, or he is finished." The Master was certain of it.  Pektak had no chance.

"Have you seen his true form before?" Feltrish asked.

"Yes," The Master replied, "but I am the only one." Pektak stood there, and suddenly began changing.  Crask watched, still not flinching or showing any signs of emotion.  Pektak grew five feet in height, his muscles bulged, his teeth grew to enormous size, and five horns grew out of his back.  Eyes glowing red, standing on two feet, with claws extending from each finger, he looked like the most beautiful terror in the galaxy.  Still Crask did not move.  Pektak slashed at Crask with his claw, but Crask caught it, and with a whip of his arm, ripped it out of his hand.  Pektak screamed, and slashed with the other hand.  This time Crask caught two claws, and ripped them out as well, throwing them behind him.  Pektak stood there, dumbfounded.  Crask waited, but Pektak did nothing.

"What are you doing?  Fight me," Crask said, but still Pektak waited.  "Hmm.  You have given up, I see.  No matter.  I will end this now." With that, he changed.  Neither the scientists nor the Master had seen Crask's true form yet.  He grew to 12 feet, hundreds of teeth bulged out of his mouth, his skin turned dark red, and his eyes glowed green.  Long black hair flowed from his head, a plethora of claws flowed from his hands and feet, and his muscles bulged out of places the Master didn't even know muscles existed.  And then, it was the most terrible sight he had ever seen.

"Feltrish, did I see correctly?" he asked.

"What do you mean?"

"Are those...  six horns growing out of his back?" Both he and Feltrish looked at Crask in horror.

"Yes," Feltrish answered, "it is." Crask wasted not a moment.  He grabbed Pektak, stabbing into him with his myriad of claws, and proceeded to chomp into his flesh, devouring his entire body.  Nothing was left behind.  All the scientists, and the Master, stood in utter shock.  Crask returned to human form, stood as he had previously done, and closed his eyes.  No one said a word for a long while.  Then the Master spoke.

"I want to see him in my quarters, now."

"Yes, Master," Feltrish said.  The Master stormed off to his quarters.  This could not happen.  He could not have this upstart ruin his operation.  No Ejhklyos had ever had six horns before.  No Ejhklyos had ever had the power to grow an extra horn...  but Crask had.  The Master would not have it, not for a moment.

*  *  *  *  *

Kosjanc stood there, not moving, not thinking, nothing.  He had accomplished his task.  Pektak was gone.  What had terrified excited, and somewhat inspired him earlier was all gone.  He only hoped he wouldn't get indigestion.  He'd hate that.

Then he heard a voice call to him.

"Crask!" That's what they called him now, his Ejhklyos name.  To him it sounded weird, but whatever.

"Yes?  What is it now?" he responded.

"The Master would like to see you, in his quarters." Another audience before the Master?  Maybe now it was to make him a full Ejhklyos.  Yes, that must be it.  He'd be in now.  He was plenty powerful enough.  Now, he could do anything.

He proceeded to the Master's quarters without delay.  He hoped the Master was impressed by his performance with Pektak.  The Master was probably cowering in fear.  He knew he was more powerful than the Master now.  He had heard the head scientist talking about it.  There was no way the master could order him around or anything.  He'd be in charge now.  He wouldn't be pushed around by anybody.

He arrived at the Master's quarters and pressed the button on the panel next to the door to alert the Master of his arrival.  The door opened.  Inside, everything was black: the furniture, the walls, the flooring.  The Master, however, was clothed in red, to stand out, Kosjanc guessed.  Either way, it looked quite dark, even though all the lights were on inside.  The Master was sitting at his desk, contemplating something.  He bid Kosjanc to enter.  Kosjanc went in and sat in a chair across from the Master's desk.

"Crask," he started, "I found your battle against Pektak to be quite...  impressive." Ah, he was impressed.  Good.

"Thank you," Kosjanc said.

"However..." However?  That didn't sound good.  "I did notice a bit of a problem."

"Problem?" What could Kosjanc have done wrong?

"Indeed.  Your Ejhklyos form, though quite tall, muscular, and powerful, had...  too many horns."

"Too...  many...  horns?" Why was that a problem?  Kosjanc had specifically worked to gain the power to grow the extra horn.  The horn was a symbol of power.  Ejhklyos of normal power could grow five.  Kosjanc, however, had extra power, exceeding that of any Ejhklyos alive.  So, he had six.

"Yes.  As you may know, I myself created the design for the Ejhklyos.  Half-feline, half-canine physique, slit eyes, no ears, a myriad of claws and teeth, and five horns on the back.  Five.  Six horns is not proper.  It was not in the design.  I don't care if you are the strongest of all of us-"

"But that's just it, Master," Kosjanc cut in," I am the strongest.  So what you say has no bearing on what I do, or how many horns I have, or what.  The fact remains that I could singlehandedly destroy you and this entire citadel myself if I wanted to.  You don't seem to understand that Pektak was the strongest in your army besides yourself and he was an ant under my little toe.  You may be an annoying fly, but I can still swat you with no trouble.  You are no longer 'the Master,' as you see.  I am your master now." Kosjanc stood there for several seconds, waiting for a reply.  Nothing.  So it was.  Kosjanc left the Master's quarters, the Master probably fuming behind the door.  Hmm.  Had he been too harsh?  No.  There was nothing the Master could do, anyway.  He was in charge now.  The Ejhklyos belonged to Kosjanc now, and the Master was helpless, totally and utterly.