Another one, knocked out, on the ground.  Why did they always get into things like this, and why didn't they ever win?  The Salvation had to have stronger Savers than this.  Strangely, this one looked like the strongest they had.  Of course, perhaps the Ejhklyos had sent the strongest They had to fight him.  Must have been.  No matter how strong he was, he wouldn't stand a chance against Pektak.  Pitiful one.  For some reason, it seemed he needed some type of reviving, so Calik stepped up for the job.

"Saver!" Calik said, kicking him lightly in the side.  "Saver, get up!  I know you're still alive." The Saver moved a bit.  Signs of life.

"Wha?  What's going on?" he said.

"You almost got killed by an Ejhklyos," Calik said.

"Yeah...  he said his name was Pektak.  He had a huge sword."

"Yes, I know.  I have seen him.  He does not enjoy his work.  He only obeys orders from the Master," Calik said.  The Saver got to his feet.

"He sure does it really well...  but wait, who are you, anyway?" the Saver asked.

"I am Calik," he said, bowing, "at your service.  I have seen quite a few of you around.  I saw one as he was getting into a fight, and another like you after he had lost.  Seems the Ejhklyos are gearing up for some large scale attack of some kind.  I don't know what they are preparing for, however..." Calik stopped to think.

"Don't worry.  They don't have the power to pull something big off.  They have to build up their strength first," the Saver said.  Calik looked at him, surprised at his comment.

"You know of the Ejhklyos?" he asked.  "The other Savers I have talked to are ignorant of even their true name."

"Yeah, I...  I'm actually from here, and I lived here up until a year ago," the Saver said.

"Indeed...  though I have met few even like you who know of the inner workings of the Master and his band."

"I...  met a man once..." the Saver said, and paused, pensive.  "He said he was from Krestik.  They were tracking him, he said.  If he stayed more than two or three days, They'd suspect there was a town there, and They'd come to destroy it.  However, in the time he did stay, he told me a lot of things about Them, the Ejhklyos."

"How, and why, were they tracking him?" Calik asked.

"He said that a few years back he was living in Krestik with his wife and a young kid of his.  One day, the Savers came with shuttles, said they wanted to take the whole city back to the Salvation.  Noble cause, for sure.  But the Ejhklyos came that day as well, at the same time.  I don't know if it was bad timing on the part of the Savers, luck for the Ejhklyos, or stealth, good planning...  whatever.  The Savers panicked.  They started throwing whoever they could into the shuttles, 'saving' everyone they could get in there.  The man said he stayed behind to make sure his wife and kid got in.  Even though it was a frenzy, he wanted the Savers to get them in...  though he didn't know how he'd protect them from the Ejhklyos...  but he knew he had to.  He gave himself up to Them.  They didn't really have any use for him, so They put some kind of tracking device on him, thinking they could find some nice towns to obliterate if he felt like staying in one.  Strange plan, if you ask me."

"Most likely one of Askratan's schemes," Calik commented.

"Who?" the Saver asked.

"The Master's highest commanding lieutenant.  The slyest, most conniving, most annoying...  yes.  But that's beside the point.  How did this man know so much about the Ejhklyos?" Calik asked.

"He'd gone to a few of the Ejhklyos guard posts around the far outskirts of towns and talked with the guards there.  The guards couldn't kill him, because he was still of some use to them.  They were bored, too, so they told him of their organization, some things they were doing, plans some of the higher-ups were making.  All this came from several different guard stations, over a period of a few years.  He learned a lot, and he told me all of it.  He figured I'd be important someday, and I should know."

"Hmm.  I'm sure they told you most of that at Saver training, however," Calik said.

"No," the Saver said, emphatically, "they didn't.  They didn't tell us anything about the Master, why the Ejhklyos are here, what they look like, where they came from...  I was sorely disappointed.  Either they really are clueless, and therefore extremely vulnerable, or they're not telling us everything, which I hate." The Saver looked as if he was thinking.  Calik thought the Savers he had met had been quite ignorant of everything that had been going on here.  He himself had been able to spy on guard stations, ask a few bored guards, and even sneak into the Master's citadel and snoop around once or twice.  This man he spoke of had only spoken to guards, and he knew five times as much as the average Saver did.  The Salvation was not running its operation properly.  Either they needed more spies, or they were deliberately holding back information.  A high crime, indeed.

"But wait..." the Saver cut into Calik's thoughts, "What's your story, anyway?  You don't like like anyone else around here."

"Indeed.  I am not like any other race.  It is because I am two races in one," Calik said.  The Saver looked confused.

"Uh, what exactly does that mean?" he said.

"My mother was of your race.  My father was an Ejhklyos."

"Whoa!  How did that happen?" the Saver said, surprised.

"The details surrounding my birth are complicated.  Needless to say, it has been a burden to me my entire life.  I have not much enjoyed what the Ejhklyos have done to the galaxy.  It is being destroyed.  I do not want that to happen."

"So, why don't you join us?" the Saver asked.  Fair question, Calik thought.  Too bad the answer was so cutting.

"Because I don't think the Savers are any better than the Ejhklyos.  This recent group has been quite impressive, but from my experience, you do not take your work seriously enough, and what angers me the most is what just happened to one of your friends," Calik said.  The Saver was suddenly aware of something he had forgotten.

"Wait... do you mean Kosjanc?  Where is he?  I completely forgot..."

"I am not certain if it is he, but a certain small, scrawny Saver has given himself over to the Ejhklyos, and has joined them."

"Joined them?" the Saver said, exasperated.

"Yes, joined them.  Became one of them.  Deserted the ones he had sworn to serve, turned to the other side, and instead of working for the good of the galaxy, became one of the workers of destruction.  That is unacceptable.  I have seen too many Savers turn to the other side, and I have lost all respect I had for your 'cause.'"

"Wait, hold on," the Saver interjected, "not every Saver's like that.  I would never desert my cause, and the galaxy."

"Yes.  If only there were more like you.  But because of it, I cannot choose to ally myself with either side of the conflict," Calik said.

"But that's where you're wrong.  You already have.  You know the Savers are few in number.  We need all the help we can get.  You know the Ejhklyos could just make more troops out of nothing.  It doesn't matter if you're against us and them.  You're hurting us more, because we don't have a huge army.  There is no in-between." The Saver paused, allowing Calik to think.  Perhaps he was right.  Did he really support the Ejhklyos indirectly by not supporting the Savers?  Did it matter how many Ejhklyos he killed?  They could always make more, but...  it was a hard decision for Calik.  For now, he'd just think about it.

"Well said, Saver," he said.  "You should probably go back to your Saving." Calik bowed and started to walk off, as did the Saver.  Then he remembered.  "Saver!"

"Yeah?"

"You might want to find a guard station.  In addition to the defector, I've heard one of your Savers has been captured." The Saver's eyes went wide.

"What?  Who?" he asked, frantically.

"I do not know his name, but he may need your help," Calik said.  The Saver gave him one last look, a nod, and ran off to find the nearest guard station.  Perhaps he already knew where the Sketkrus station was.  He'd learned enough about the Ejhklyos to know these things, Calik was sure.  He didn't know where he stood now, though.  The Saver had got him thinking.  Was there a neutral ground, or must he choose a side?  Would he just be picking the lesser of two evils?  Could he live with Savers who defect from their cause, or would he be insane enough to ally himself with the Ejhklyos, who he despised?  There was a choice to be made...  but it would have to wait.

Until the Master revealed his newest plan, and he saw how the Savers dealt with it...  then he would see what they really were.  He would just wait.

*  *  *  *  *

Betronros ran like a madman to get to the Sketkrus guard station.  A Saver had been captured, Calik had said.  That was unacceptable.  He had Outsiders to save, yes, but Savers needed saving sometimes, too.  He'd never been to the Sketkrus guard station before, but the man from Krestik had told him it was this way.  He'd find it.  He'd better, and soon.  A Saver's life was at risk.

It seemed he was getting closer.  Soon, he could see a small building in the distance.  Must be it.  He picked up the speed.  He needed those coordinates for the Master's Citadel, and he had no time to lose.  The old man from Krestik had said that he'd never been able to find it out.  Maybe Betronros could, with the use of a little force...

He finally made it to the station, and kicked open the door.  Two Ejhklyos, who had been guarding the station, jumped to their feet.  One looked like he wanted to speak, but Betronros spoke first.

"Evening, boys," he said.

"Who are you?!" one asked, exasperated.

"No need to get all huffy at me.  I just came for a little information."

"We don't give out information to just anyone..." the other said.  Betronros grabbed him by the shirt and shoved his face into his, speaking at him through bared teeth.

"I don't have any time for this.  Where's the Master's Citadel?  One of my men has been captured by your thugs and I don't appreciate you giving me talk of 'we don't give out info to just anyone.' I'm not just anyone." He pulled out his sword and held it to the Ejhklyos' neck.  "Where is it?"

"Uuhhmm..." the Ejhklyos stammered, "Efshin, could you get him the coordinates?" he said.

"Y-y-yes...  right away..." the other said, and typed something into a small hand-held computer.  He held it out for Betronros to take.  "Here you are, sir..." Betronros threw the Ejhklyos on the ground and snatched the compunit from the other's hands.

"Thank you." He smiled and nodded to the both of them and walked out the door, closing it, lightly.  Had he been too forceful?  He hadn't meant to look so mean.  Well, it worked.  He looked at the coordinates.  These were on...  no...  Celer V?  This planet?  He had been ready to take a shuttle to Cashrift or Friktak or somewhere, but no, it was here.  How could the Salvation Saver Corps Command not have known?  They couldn't be this clueless to send the new troops to this planet and not tell them that the Master's Citadel was here.  There was no time to think about that, though.  He had to save the Saver!

He ran off in the direction the coordinates showed.  He wasn't running long before he saw two figures riding along on Saver cycles.  Had Outsiders gotten a hold of two cycles somehow?  Where they Ejhklyos disguised as Savers?  No, they had Saver armor on...  who were they?

"Hey!  Yo!  Betronros!" one of them called out.  They knew his name.  He looked a bit closer.

"Betronros, it's us!" the other yelled.  It couldn't be...  but, it was!  Qiac Mrac and Kweg Natobr!  He hadn't seen them in forever  At least, it seemed like forever.  In reality, it had only been a day or so.  He was still glad to know that they hadn't been captured.  When they got closer, he spoke to them.

"What are you two doing here?" he asked.

"Just coming back from an interesting adventure.  We'd love to tell you all about it, but, well, we've got to get back to the Salvation," Mrac said.

"Salvation?  Why?" Betronros asked.

"We've got a bone to pick with Cap'n Sgrith.  I think he knows a lot more about what's going on here on Celer V than he's telling us," Natobr said.

"You want to come with us?" Mrac asked.

"Uh..." Betronros still had to go after that Saver, but...  well, it would probably be easier with more help from Sgrith.  "Yeah, I'll go," he said.

"Awesome!" Natobr exclaimed.  "We just called the shuttle to come to this location.  Then we saw you coming this way, so we called you over."

"Yeah.  How's it been going?" Mrac asked.

"Could be better.  I got rejected by my family, wasted by an Ejhklyos, and Kosjanc defected to the other side and became one of Them," Betronros said.  The shuttle came just then, and they got in.

"Sounds cool," Mrac said, "but have we got a story to tell you."

"Yeah, it's kind of long," Natobr explained, "but it'll be a long shuttle ride, so we'll have time.  It all started when we split off..."