"Whoa...  hold on..." Natobr said.  He'd just had a strange feeling in his head.  He'd never had that feeling before, but it went away pretty quick.  Probably nothing to worry about.

"Yeah?  What?" Mrac asked.

"Nothing, nothing.  Never mind," he replied.  They rode along in the direction that looked like the most civilization lay.  Natobr could tell.  He could see remains of an old highway on the ground.

"What city's this way?" Mrac asked.

"If I remember my Outside Galactic Geography," Natobr said, because he had studied a lot of it, "it should be Shintramk."

"Huh?" Mrac looked surprised.  "I never learned any of that in school..."

"You didn't go to the right school, then," Natobr said, with a smile.  They continued on.  The road was getting more and more distinct.  Most people wouldn't be able to tell, but Natobr had been specially trained.  He'd learned quite a few things from his father about this, and his school was a bit more...  special.  Specialized might be a better word.  Not many people knew about it, but it was a school for those who wanted to learn how to survive on the Outside.  It was on Quadrant 5, Section 5, Deck 5.  He'd lived there for most of his life, and he graduated at the top of his class.  Not to say he was arrogant or proud because of it, but he was quite confident in his abilities.  He had quite a few of those.

They soon came to a place resembling a city.  Natobr could see a sign signaling the outside border of the town.

"'Welcome to Shintramk, place of beauty and rest,'" Mrac read.  "Don't know if it's really either of those anymore." They went further into town, looking for anyone at all.  It didn't look like people were out and about very often, except them, perhaps.  Maybe they're too scared to come out because of Them.

"Think I'll try one of these houses here," Natobr said.  He went up to the door of one of the houses.  "Guess I'll knock first." Natobr had only rapped at the door two or three times when it completely fell into the house with a loud thud.  "Uh...  oops..." Natobr said.  Immediately a man came out from inside the house, looking quite angry.

"What are you doing?!" he asked.  He was quite a large man.  Not really that tall, but wide.

"Um..." Mrac started, glancing at Natobr.  "We just wanted to see if anyone was here, so we knocked."

"Nobody's here," the main said, gruffly.

"So, who are you, then?" Natobr asked.

"I'm nobody," the man replied. "Now go away." The man started to go back inside, but Natobr spoke again.

"Wait, we're from the Salvation, and-"

"I know," the man cut him off, "and we don't like your type around here.  You want someone to talk to, go bother Hastings."

"Who's Hastings?" Mrac asked.

"You mean you've never heard of him?" the man asked.  "Lives up on the big hill just outside of town, that way." The man pointed north.  "Not too far.  They say there's a real jungle behind his huge mansion."

"Whoa, is it true?" Mrac asked.

"Don't know, but I ain't got one.  So, as I said, go away!" the man yelled.  He probably would have slammed the door, if it hadn't already been knocked over.  He just stormed back into the darkened house.

"Hastings, huh...?" Mrac commented.  "Guess it's as good a place as any to start."

"Yeah," Natobr replied. "Could go for a bit of adventure myself.  Let's head up the hill." That they did.  They headed out of town, and hadn't ridden far up the hill before they spotted a huge mansion at the top of it.

"Whoa..." Mrac looked dumbfounded and wide-eyed.  "I've never seen anything like this on the Salvation even...  and on Celer V...  how did it survive all the destruction?"

"I don't know," Natobr said, "but we might as well check it out." They got off their cycles and walked up to the door.  "I don't think this door will fall over if I knock..." Natobr said.  He knocked.  Immediately, a slot in the door opened, revealing two eyes, which looked at both Mrac and Natobr in turn.

"Yes?" the eyes, or rather the owner of the eyes, said.

"We're looking for someone named Hastings," Mrac responded.

"Yes," the eyes said, and the slot closed.  Then, slowly, the door opened.  It was quite large.  Why a normal sized person would need a door this big escaped Natobr.  The huge doors opened to reveal a large, spacious room.  Must have been too spacious for Hastings, because he had only placed one chair, with him in it, in the center of the room.  The lighting wasn't quite sufficient, either.  It was a bit dim in the room, but Natobr could still see.  The man who had talked to them previously showed them into the house.

"This...  is the house of Hastings," he said.  "Please enjoy yourself.  Sir!"

"Yes!" Hastings yelled back.

"Guests!" the servant yelled.

"Indeed!  Sit!  Please!" Hastings stood up and walked over to them.  "I'm Hastings, the proud owner of this house.  Duncan!"

"Yes, master!" the servant yelled back.

"Seats!  For the guests!"

"Right away!"  Duncan brought them seats, and placed them in the center of the huge, almost empty room, next to Hastings.  All three of them took a seat.

"So, guests, what are your names?" Hastings asked.

"I'm Kweg Natobr," Natobr said.

"I'm Qiac Mrac," Mrac said.  Hastings thought about this for a second.  Natobr didn't know why.  He didn't think his name was that interesting.

"So, that you are named.  You must have drinks.  Duncan!" Hastings yelled to his servant.

"Yes!" Duncan yelled back.

"Drinks!  For the guests!"

"Right away!" Duncan, with amazing speed, brought them all steaming hot drinks.  "Your drinks.  Hot tea for the Sir, and delicious apple juice, warmed, for the guests," Duncan announced.

"Uh, thanks," Mrac said.

"Yeah, thanks," Natobr agreed.  Crazy house...

"So, Mr. Mrac and Natobr.  What brings you here?" Hastings said, and took a sip of his tea.

"We're Savers, from the Salvation," Mrac said.  "Everybody, or one guy, from Shintramk said to come here and talk to you, because they don't like us there."

"Don't like you, he said?  Well.  I think he just never got to know you.  I believe in giving everyone a fair chance," Hastings said, and took another sip of tea.

"Yeah, so..." Mrac started, but Hastings cut him off.

"I'm sure you're wondering how such a huge mansion and jungle could exist on Celer V," he said, reading Natobr's mind.

"Yeah, I did, kind of," Natobr said.

"Me too," Mrac said. "How did it survive the Darkness and destruction?  And where did all this stuff come from, anyway?"

"Actually, it was built after the Darkness came.  Also, most of what I have here came from of off-planet," Hastings replied.

"Off-planet?" Natobr said, confused.

"Yes, I do have my own personal shuttle.  I had Duncan build it for me.  He's quite the good servant," Hastings said, with a smile.  Natobr looked at Mrac.  Both of them had confused expressions on their faces.  Hastings didn't seem to notice.

"So, are you hungry?  Duncan!" Hastings called.

"No!" Natobr said, not wanting another round of that.  "Don't worry about that.  We're fine."

"You mean," Mrac whispered, "you don't want-"

"No, I don't," Natobr whispered back.  "I want to find out about this guy." At this point, Duncan came in.

"You called, sir?" he said.

"Yes, but it seems your service isn't needed," Hastings said.

"Hmm." Duncan went back to...  wherever he stayed when he wasn't serving.

"So, Hastings, about this off-planet stuff..." Natobr said.

"I'll tell you what.  How about I show you around more of the house.  Then you'll understand better." Hastings got up and bid them to follow him.  "Come with me." Both Mrac and Natobr stood up.  Duncan immediately appeared and took both of their seats away.  Mrac turned to Natobr.

"Tour of the house?" he said.

"Yep.  Hopefully we'll find out what the heck this guy's doing on a destroyed planet with a personal shuttle, a mansion, and a jungle.  Let's go." Natobr went ahead in front.  Seemed like the best way to find out about Hastings.  He just hoped Hastings didn't have some type of trick up his sleeve.  Was there really a man this strange who lived on Celer V?

*  *  *  *  *

Mrac followed Natobr and Hastings down the long hallways as they toured the House of Hastings.  Mrac was amazed that such a thing was still standing amid such destruction.  Hastings showed them the kitchen, where Duncan cooked everything, the huge bedrooms, where Duncan cleaned and made the beds daily, and the changing rooms, with tall wardrobes filled with clothing of every sort and style, which Duncan ably washed and pressed.  Hmm.

"Hey, Hastings," Mrac said, "do you have any other servants besides Duncan?"

"Indeed not," Hastings replied, "I don't have need for more.  Duncan does so well at his job that more than one assistant isn't necessary." Hmm.  Duncan was like a robot, going about his duties, without rest, with such precision...  Wait, Mrac thought, maybe he actually is a robot.

At any rate, they were now being shown Hastings' beautiful pet display.

"This is my pet collection.  I've brought them in from around the galaxy.  My prize, however, is this one," Hastings said, moving towards a large, burly animal.  It looked about 7 feet tall at the shoulder, went on four legs, with scaly skin, a large snout with one large horn at the end, giant hooves, a quite muscular and wide body, blue skin, small eyes, small flaps for ears on the sides of its head, and no visible sign of any sharp teeth.  Even so, it still looked dangerous.

"What is it?" Natobr asked.

"This," Hastings began, with a flourish of his hand, "is the Ghetik.  It comes from the fifth moon of Shalflinay, which I believe is named Plistckinat.  He is fully grown, though only five years old.  He is my favorite pet, mainly because he lets me ride him sometimes."

At this Natobr perked up.  "Ride?  You can ride him?" he said, excitedly.

"Indeed.  There is a small area to ride him around in.  If you'd like to try..." Hastings said, perhaps reluctantly.

"Would I!  Can I?  Right now?" Natobr asked, close to jumping up and down with excitement.

"Ahm...  I suppose you could..." Hastings thought a second.  "Well...  I'll go prepare him.  You wait here." Hastings went to prepare the Ghetik for riding.  Natobr turned to Mrac.  Mrac knew he had something sneaky planned.

"I've got an idea," Natobr said, "that will kill two kiyuzdaks with one stone."

"Two whats?" Mrac was confused.

"Never mind.  Here's the plan.  I ride the Ghetik, and make sure it gets into the jungle, you know, rile it up a bit so it will leave the riding area.  From what I saw, the jungle's right behind here."

"Yeah, then what?" Mrac asked.

"I check out the jungle, then you sneak away in the confusion and explore the good parts of the house.  Look for anything he might be hiding, or maybe a secret passage.  They always have those in places like this.  Sound good?"

"Hmm..." Mrac liked it.  He was good at sneaking around.  He just hoped Natobr was good in jungles.  "Yep.  I'm for it."

"Awesome!" Natobr said.  At that point, Hastings came back.

"He's all saddled and prepared for riding.  Come with me," Hastings siad, beckoning for them to come.  They followed him over to the Ghetik.  Natobr jumped from the platform they were standing on to the Ghetik below. 

"Comfy," Natobr said, adjusting himself in the seat.

"Now," Hastings said, "lightly pull on the reins to make him go."  At this, Natobr gave Mrac a sly smile.

"Lightly?" Natobr asked.

"Yes, just very lightly," Hastings instructed.  As soon as he said this, Natobr pulled as hard as he could on the reins, riling up the Ghetik as best he could.  The animal roared, reared back, and Natobr rammed his heels into its side.  The Ghetik ran as fast as he could out of the riding area, breaking through the wall into the jungle behind it.

"NO!  I SAID LIGHTLY!" Hastings yelled frantically.  "Duncan!" Duncan came running in at full speed.

"Yes, sir!" he yelled.

"The Mr. Natobr is loose on the Ghetik!  Must be unskilled at riding beasts...  He'll be lost in the jungle, if not killed.  Quick!  Get the search party!" Hastings said.

"Indeed, sir!  Right away, sir!" Duncan went to his duty, to search for Natobr.  Mrac was sure he was fine.  He seemed like he could take care of himself, or he hoped he would, at least.

"Mr. Mrac!  You stay here!" Hastings ordered.  "I don't want you lost as well!" Hastings ran to find the search party.  Hmm, why would he have a search party?  Must have had people lost in the jungle before.  Strange.  Despite Hastings' order, Mrac had no intention of staying where he was.  He wanted to explore the house, and find some secrets and such.  He immediately left the bestiary and got to exploring the house.

He wandered through the hallways.  The walls were all pure white, the floors covered in plush blue carpet.  He passed by the many bedrooms (all these for one man to sleep in?), the kitchen, sitting rooms, ballroom, billiard room...  it was quite a mansion Hastings had.  What caught his attention, however, was the library.  In addition to the plush blue carpet, it had many long tables for reading, and the walls were lined with bookcases full of books of every sort, on every subject.  He trolled the selection, looking for something interesting.  That was when he came upon an old, worn, leather bound book with no title on it.  He pulled it out and flipped through it.  It was written in a language Mrac couldn't read.  Ancient Cashriftian, perhaps.  He went to put the book back, and noticed behind the spot where the book had been was a switch.  Secret passage?  He flipped the switch, and immediately the floor beneath him began to move slowly downward.  He quickly threw the book on one of the tables.  Where could he be going?

When the floor stopped moving, he found himself in a dim basement.  There were some lights, but not enough to be of much use.  Secret basement, he thought.  This is where he would find the good stuff.  He walked along the hallway until he came to a door.  He opened the door, and behind it lay what appeared to be some type of art gallery.  Art...  something Mrac was quite interested in.  He himself was quite the artist.  He used to paint portraits for a living.  He walked around the room, perusing the paintings.  Some were landscapes, some battle scenes, some scenes of families together, some portraits.  He stopped at one portrait of a woman, a lonely, sad-looking woman.  There was a small plaque beneath it. "Helena Marianna Hastings, my beloved" was the inscription.  Mrs. Hastings?  It seemed Mr. Hastings was missing a wife.  All he had was a huge house and servant.  Did he have children?  Perhaps both his wife and children were killed by the Darkness.  Who could say.

He looked at the painting further.  It reminded him of the last portrait he had ever painted.  It was of a woman, much like this, though this woman didn't resemble her at all.  Except...  the expressions were the same: almost happy, but with some type of missing feeling.  The woman he had painted back on the Salvation lived with her son on Quad 2, Sec 1, Deck 2.  Her husband had been lost in the Outside due to some careless Savers, she said.  Hadn't done their job right, she said.  But she wasn't bitter.  She had gotten over it, she said.  She wanted her portrait painted, because she had heard that Mrac was quite the artist.  So, he painted it.  He painted exactly what he saw, every bit of it.  But the way it turned out was...  wrong.  He knew he had painted the perfect likeness.  But...  it looked depressed, empty, smiling insincerely, just because she had to.  Still, she liked it.  She was amazed at the likeness, that Mrac could do it so well.  Even though she liked it, it disturbed him greatly, so he never painted portraits again.  This woman, Mrs. Hastings, gave him the same feeling.  He moved on.

More art awaited him in the next rooms: sculptures, paintings, trophies, all interesting to look at, but no reason why they'd be in a secret basement.  He must be hiding something around here, Mrac thought.  He finally reached the end of the long line of rooms.  To his left he saw a door.  It was a strange door, made of beautifully polished wood, with a sign to the right side of it.  The sign said, "Repository." Repository for what?  He opened the door, and inside was the strangest thing he'd ever seen.  A glowing, purple gem lay atop a pedestal in the middle of the repository.  Steps led up to the platform the pedestal lay on.  On the wall at the end of the room, above the pedestal, was a plaque.  It read, "Stone found on planet Friktak by Arthur S. Hastings, thus named THE FRIKTAK STONE, along with ancient book explaining its powers." Ancient book?  Powers?  This must be the secret.  All that art must have been there to trick one into turning back from finding this place, or to distract whoever came in.  Then the painting of his wife...  but wait.  That old book Mrac had picked up to find the switch must be the one the plaque mentioned.    He had to get that book.  Mrac went back through the rooms, into the "elevator," and back up to the library, grabbed the book, and went back to the repository.  He flipped through the book.  It was all in Old Cashrift script.  How it got to Friktak Mrac couldn't imagine.  Wait, on one of the pages, he found something scrawled in the margin.  "The Stone And THIS Book Must Be Used Together," it read.  Hmm, could the stone be used to interpret?  Mrac went over to the pedestal and picked up the stone.  At once, he felt a strange power surging through him.  He'd never felt anything like it.  He looked at the book again, and...  he could read it!  it was all clear to him.  He read, and it all made sense.  This stone could be used for almost anything.  It would increase your powers to do anything you wanted.  Mrac now knew how Hastings had this huge mansion, a shuttle, a jungle, and a robot-like servant.  He must have stolen a shuttle from the Savers at one point, travelled to Friktak, and found the stone.  Afterwards, he built all of this with it, and went exploring even more, finding all of the things he had ever wanted.  Yes, all the things he had ever wanted.  But he knew Hastings wanted more, more than just things.  More than he could get with this stone.

Mrac slipped it into his pocket and went back to the library.  He placed the book back in the case and went back to find Hastings.  He had to know how Natobr was doing...