Natobr opened his eyes.  He had a terrible headache.  The Ghetik had gotten too wild for him.  He thought he had control at first, but it wasn't long before he went flying off the back of the Ghetik into the jungle, and slammed into the ground.  He didn't know where he was.  He knew he was in the jungle somewhere, but he couldn't see the house from there.  He stood up.  He jumped as high as he could, looking in every direction.  No sign of the house.  This was a full-fledged huge jungle on destroyed Celer V.  Ridiculous.  He looked at the scenery: vines, trees that reached up into the darkened sky, flowers blooming, but no sign of any animal life.  All he saw were plants.  Strange grass covered the ground.  Weeds sprang up everywhere also.  Which way was out?  Maybe if he could climb one of the trees.  He looked at one of the close-by ones.  It looked sturdy enough.  He started at the bottom, grabbing at the vines that snaked up the trunk.  The tree was thick, about as thick as three of those Ghetiks put together.  He reached the top, looked around, and in the distance saw the house, maybe a mile or two away.  Wow.  This Jungle was huge.  He looked in every direction.  The jungle spread out forever...  Why hadn't they been told about this at Saver training?  No matter.  He got down from the tree and started walking in the direction of the House.  He looked around as he walked.  Such beautiful scenery...  flowers, trees, vines, and...  wait, what was that he saw?  It was a face of someone...  it darted back behind a tree.  Natobr walked over to where it was.  There, he saw it again, but it was too fast, and he could only catch a glimpse.  Hmm, strange.

He started to walk towards the House again.  Maybe he'd see the face again sometime.  It looked like a person, but who would be living here?  Maybe a strange animal or something.  Just as Natobr thought this, he had the wind knocked out of him and he was slammed into the ground on his chest.  Someone spoke.

"Who are you and what are you doing here?" the whatever-it-was on his back said.

"Uhhmm..." Natobr had completely lost his breath.  He tried to speak again.  "I'm...  Kweg Natobr, a Saver..." He immediately felt the weight lifted from his back.  He got up, turned around, and saw...  a kid, maybe 16 or 17 years old.  That's the face he had seen.

"Saver...?  From...  the Salvation, you mean?" the kid said.

"Yeah..." Natobr said, as he brushed himself off.  "So that's my answer.  Now, what are you doing here in the jungle?" The kid looked down at the ground.

"Hiding," he said.

"Hiding from who?" Natobr asked.

"Anyone who wants to find me," the kid said, and looked up.  "Except for Savers, of course." He smiled.

"Huh.  So you were expecting a Saver to come out here and find you, then?" Natobr said, smiling, but the kid's smile faded.

"No...  but I'd always hoped..." he said.  Natobr chuckled.

"What's your name, kid?" Natobr asked.

"Lalax," the kid replied.  "Lalax Hastings." Natobr raised his eyebrows.

"Whoa, Hastings, huh?" he said.

"Yeah, you met my dad, I'm sure, back at the House of Horrors." The kid did not seem very fond of the man or the House of which he spoke.

"Uh, yeah, we talked a bit.  I rode his Ghetik out here.  Interesting man..."

"Interesting doesn't even begin to describe him," Lalax said.  "He's gone insane.  I don't know what happened, but..." Lalax appeared to be looking for words to say, without saying too much.  Holding back something, is he?

"Look, kid, I know there's a whole huge story to this, and you don't want to tell me, do you?" Natobr said.

"I'd rather you just take me back to the Salvation and that be the end of it," Lalax said, seemingly hoping it would be.  Natobr chuckled again.

"Uh, no, kid.  I don't work like that.  Out with it.  What's the story?  The whole story."

"Dad built a huge house and a jungle, got himself a crazy servant, and he's collected crap from around the galaxy.  What more do you want?" Lalax was starting to get mad.  Natobr wasn't impressed.

"I found that out within five minutes of talking to your dad.  Stuff like this doesn't come out of nowhere.  Celer V doesn't have the materials to make that mansion, and is in no way fertile enough to support this jungle.  You, kid, better tell me where it came from, or you're never getting to the Salvation." Natobr could tell that the kid really wanted it.  He looked at the ground, looking pensive, and angry.  Then he looked up, and began the story.

"Alright.  If it will get me to the Salvation, I'll tell you." He looked away, out into the jungle.  "I don't know much about what Dad was like before I was born, but I know he and Mom always had a weird relationship."

"Your mom?" Natobr was curious.  He hadn't heard anything about her before.

"Yeah...  she was happy at first, married to him...  but not for long.  I knew they loved each other, but Dad always liked to get her things.  Out here on Celer V, there aren't many things to have, but he would always scrounge around in the wreckage of the big cities looking for things.  While everyone else was scrounging for food, he was scrounging for things.  But she told me when I was little that she was never really happy until I came along.  Dad never noticed it, I guess.  I think he's always been weird that way.  Then the Darkness got to Mom, and she died.  That's when Dad went totally nuts.  I know Mom had always hoped the Savers would come and take us to the Salvation, but...  after she died, it was all gone.  He threw out every Saver who would come to the little shack we had then.  He hated them.

"He got together all the stuff he had given Mom, and he would look at it all the time.  Most of it's still in that house."  He jerked his head in the direction of the House, with a look of contempt on his face.  "That house...  hmm.  I remember when he beat up a couple Savers and stole their shuttle.  He was tired of living in that little shack.  He took the shuttle, left me here, and went exploring.  Came back, and he was even weirder than before, if that's possible.  Said he'd been to a few places, one of them being Friktak.  Found a stone there, a strange stone.  It was purple, and glowing.  Some strange power emanated from it.  I don't know what it was, but he built that house with it.  Built the shuttle he uses now with it."

"He told us Duncan built that," Natobr said.

"Nah.  Built it with that crazy stone.  Built Duncan with it, too," Lalax said.

"He built Duncan?" Natobr said, shocked.

"Yeah.  He's some kind of robot.  Didn't you notice he's a little...  too good at his job?"

"Uh, yeah, I noticed he was a little...  different," Natobr said.  He still had a question.  "So, how'd you get here, then?"

"Hmm.  That's the next thing.  Dad wanted me to join in the fun, too, but, well, I couldn't see what all this was for.  I stayed around the House for a while, but...  Dad wanted to give me all this stuff, like he used to do for Mom, and Duncan always wanted to help me out.  Once, Dad even wanted me to go off-planet with him.  I couldn't take it.  I had to get out.  Dad had gone completely insane, and only cared about his stuff, and himself.  So I ran away, into the jungle, where he'd never find me."

"Has he ever looked for you?" Natobr asked.  "Like, come out into the jungle?  I'd assume it would be hard for him."

"I've never seen him come out here," Lalax said, "but he made some robot searchers who I've seen around.  They're really dumb and easy to hide from."

"So how do you live out here?" Natobr asked.  Couldn't be easy.

"I eat the plants that grow here, since there aren't any animals.  Dad keeps them all in the House.  I found out quickly which ones not to eat, usually by taste, sometimes by smell, and unfortunately sometimes by what effect it has on my stomach." Lalax pointed to a nearby tree, with bright green berries growing on it.  "Do not eat those.  Diarrhea for a week."

"I'll keep that in mind..." Natobr said.  "So...  you say you've always wanted to go back to the Salvation?"

"Yes!  It's my dream...  could you take me back?" Lalax looked at Natobr with a longing, hopeful face.  Knowing what he knew now about Lalax, though, he couldn't do it.  Not quite yet.

"No.  We're going to have to work some things out first," he said.

"What do you mean?" Lalax asked, looking a bit angrier now.

"You've got to talk this over with your father," Natobr said, very seriously.

"No.  No.  I'm never going back to that house," Lalax said, adamantly.  Natobr looked at him, straight in the eyes.

"Kid, if you don't go back, one, your father will definitely die a sad, lonely man in that house, you'll die a lonely kid here in this jungle, and the Hastings family will forever be broken.  I don't want broken families.  Families are the most important things.  You know that.  More important than things, or houses, or strange animals." At that Lalax chuckled.  "Maybe after this long with you lost, your dad will listen."

"No," Lalax said,  head down.  "He never does.  I don't think he really cares."

"He sent out search robots for you," Natobr pointed out.

"Yeah, but that doesn't mean anything..." Lalax said.

"Doesn't matter.  I'm not taking you anywhere until you talk to your dad.  Besides, I'll need your help to find my way back to the House." Natobr folded his arms in front of him.  Lalax shook his head, still looking at his feet.

"You don't know.  You don't know what it's like to have a father like that, crazy, never caring for you..." Natobr cut into Lalax's sentence.

"Whoa, you have no clue who you just said that to.  You don't know my dad.  I do know yours, though, and I can say that I do see a resemblence between the two." Lalax looked at him.

"Really?  Your dad..."

"Yeah.  Let me show you." Natobr pulled out a picture of his family.  He carried it with him everywhere.  He pointed to each person in the picture in turn.  "This is my mom, brother, sister, sister, sister, uncle, aunt, their two kids, grandma, grandpa..." Natobr paused, thinking of how he should explain it.  "And this..." he pointed to the man in the middle of the picture, "is Dad." Lalax looked long and hard at the picture.

"Wow," Lalax said, surprised.  What he was looking at was a normal family, all dressed in normal clothes, perhaps nicer than usual, but still quite normal.  They were all standing there, smiling.  Then there was the one in the middle, who had on an expensive suit, shiny new watch, expensive glasses, rings on his fingers, a golden pin on his lapel, leather shoes, a top hat, the works.  Natobr pointed at him again.

"Look at that man.  What do you think he values the most?" Lalax looked.  He said nothing.  "I know.  I know how it is.  But talking helps.  It may not solve the problem, but no talk will only cause more." Lalax still said nothing.  "Talk to your father.  I know it will help." Natobr hoped the kid was listening.  Then he spoke.

"Alright," he said, looking up at Natobr.  "I'll do it.  I've just never had anyone who understood me before, but...  you do.  You do know what it's like..." Lalax was silent again.  He looked back at the picture.  "Yeah, I'll do it.  It might be hard, but..." he stopped, then looked curious.  "Huh?  Who's this off to the left?" Lalax asked.  Natobr looked at the picture.

"Oh, that's some kid that was standing outside of the same building we took the picture in front of.  We don't really know..." he stopped.  Wait, he looked familiar all of a sudden.  Was it...?  No, it couldn't be...  Ian Tfiwath, in his family's picture?  "I think I do know him, actually."

"Really?  Who is he?" Lalax asked.

"I didn't know him when this picture was taken, but I met him at Saver training.  Very weird." Natobr was shocked, though he didn't show it.  Lalax's eyes opened wide.

"Wow!  How does that happen?" Lalax said.

"Don't know, but...  well, we'd better be getting back to the House," Natobr said, putting away his picture.  "You've got to help me get out of here."

"Alright, let's go.  This way." Lalax pointed in the direction of the House.

"Do you know all of the jungle?" Natobr asked.

"Yeah.  I've been here for a long while now.  It's a huge place, but I've explored all of it, and I can get around no problem."  They started walking in the direction of the House.  Natobr didn't know what to say, but...  well, the kid would talk to his dad.  It was a start.  Hopefully they'd work it out.  He didn't know what would happen.  He only hoped it wouldn't turn into something ugly.

*  *  *  *  *

Mrac had finished looking at the rest of the house, and he headed back to the main room.  When he got there, Hastings immediately hailed him.

"Mr. Mrac!  Where were you?" he asked excitedly.

"Oh...  uh..." Mrac was a bit caught off guard.  "Well, I just thought I'd...  finish the tour myself.  You know, see the rest of the house.  Just exploring a little."

"Oh, indeed!" Hastings said.  "Your friend, Mr. Natobr, just caused a bit of a ruckus, but I'm glad you took the initiative to tour the house yourself.  Did you enjoy it?"

"Yeah, yeah.  It's great," he said, at a loss for words.  "Um, yeah, so..." Hastings cut him off.

"Which part did you enjoy the most?" he asked.

"Oh, probably, um...  the library," Mrac replied.

"Library, eh?" Hastings said, interested.  "Yes, that is quite a good place...  I spend much time in there myself, also...  many very interesting books.  Which one interested you the most, may I ask?"

"Oh..." Mrac thought for a moment... "Well, there was this one about ancient Cashrift..."

"Ancient books..." Hastings said, loudly.  "Interested in history, are we?  How nice." He reclined in his chair.

"So, yeah...  about Natobr..." Mrac started.

"Oh!  Yes.  I have the search parties out looking for him." Hastings replied.

"Search parties?" Mrac asked.

"Yes, I had Duncan build them a long while ago.  People have gotten lost in the jungle before, unfortunately..." Hastings said, a bit sadly.

"Like who?" Mrac asked.  Hastings hesitated for a long while before giving an answer.

"Like..." Hastings started, then stopped.  "Like..." he started again.  "Like...  my son," he finished.  Whoa, Mrac thought, another piece of this Hastings family puzzle.

"A son?  You never mentioned a son..."

"Yes..." Hastings said, his expression changing.  "My son..."

"And...  what about your wife, then?" Mrac asked, carefully.

"Oh, my dear wife..." Hastings looked very thoughtful now.  "Hmm.  She was my life.  I did everything for her, got her everything she wanted.  When Lalax, my son, came along, she was happier than ever.  But, I don't know why, but something was missing.  She was still sad, always.  She always seemed sad, and I didn't know what else I could do for her.  And then, before I knew it, she was gone.  This blasted Darkness got to her, tore her up from the inside.  There was nothing I could do, though I tried..." Hastings stopped, thinking for a long while more.  Mrac said nothing.  He didn't want to spoil the moment.  After what seemed like forever, he spoke again.  "Lalax.  He's my son, my only son, my pride and joy.  I did everything for him, too.  Duncan helped him with anything he wanted.  I brought him things from off-planet all the time.  He was very comfortable in this house, but I imagine he, like my wife, didn't enjoy it as much as I'd thought at first.  So, he ran away, into the jungle.  I had the search party robots built to search for him, but they've never been able to.  Either he's very good at hiding, or..." Hastings stopped again, and looked to be on the verge of tears.  "Or I've lost him, too, forever."  Mrac still said nothing, and allowed Hastings to speak.  "But...  maybe...  he thought I didn't care...  about him.  Or his mother.  So he ran off.  Perhaps he thought I was a crazy old man.  I can't be sure.  But...  If I could ever see my son again.  If he were to walk in the door right now...  I would tell him I only wanted him to be happy." Hastings sat there in his chair, looking more alone and empty than ever.  Just then, a boy, a teenager most likely, stepped out from a door behind him.  Back door...  from the jungle, perhaps?  He spoke.

"Dad?" he said.  Hastings perked up.

"Hmm.  I truly am a crazy old man.  I hear my son's voice in my head but...  it can't be..."

"It is, Dad," the boy said.  He was crying.  Hastings looked back.  He jumped up from his chair and ran over to the boy, embracing him.

"Son!  My son...  Lalax!  You've come back!" he said, sobbing with tears of joy.

"Dad, I... didn't know you really cared.  I thought you just wanted stuff.  Not me..." Lalax said.  Hastings pulled back from the embrace, holding the boy's shoulders, and looked at him.

"No, son.  I...  did enjoy those things, but...  all I really wanted was for you and your mother to be happy." He smiled, a big, sincere smile, as did Lalax.  Then, he spoke again.  "But...  why did you decide to come back?" Just then, another figure emerged from the back door.  Natobr!  Lalax looked back at him.

"He's why.  He convinced me to come back, and I helped him get out of the jungle," Lalax said.

"Mr. Natobr!" Hastings exclaimed.  "You're safe!"

"Yep.  Safe and sound.  You're son's a good one.  Saved me from the dangers of the jungle," Natobr said.  He looked at Mrac, and nodded towards him.  Mrac nodded back.  They would talk later.

"Well!  We're all safe and sound.  What's say we all have some drinks!  Duncan!" Hastings yelled to the servant.

"Dad!  No!  No Duncan!" Lalax said.  "I want to go with them," he pointed his thumb towards the two Savers, "like Mom always wanted." Lalax looked at his Father.  "I want to go back to the Salvation." Hastings looked at his son and smiled again.

"Alright.  It's settled.  We'll go together." He turned to Mrac.  "Mr. Mrac?  Could you and your fine friend Mr. Natobr take us to the Salvation?" Mrac looked at Natobr.

"Certainly, but...  what about this house?" Mrac said.

"Pah.  This house is not important anymore.  My son is back, and for him to be happy, we must go to the Salvation, and leave all of this behind.  All of it."

"Dad!  You'd really do that?" Lalax said.

"Indeed.  The only problem I see is this place turning into very much of an eyesore very quickly and not being of much use to anyone."  Hastings thought for a moment.  Then he perked up.  "Yes!  I've got it!  Duncan!" he called.

"Yes!" Duncan came with super-speed.

"I have a new job for you," Hastings said.

"I'm prepared to take it on."

"We're going to the Salvation, but you must stay here and take care of the house.  There are many starving, dying people here on Celer V, and they need somewhere that they can come to be treated well.  That place is the House of Hastings." Hastings looked excited as he spoke.

"You mean, sir...?"

"Yes.  You must take care of all the guests, they must be well fed, entertained, and clothed, and any detected Savers in the area must be informed to come here first to locate people to be saved." Hastings gave Duncan a trusting look.  "Can you do it?" he asked.

"Yes!  Indeed, sir!  Will do, sir!" Duncan sped away, preparing the house, cleaning it, and tidying up.  Crazy servant.  Still, he did his job well.

"Well, then," Hastings said, "That's settled.  The House is in good hands."  He turned to Mrac.  "Please, take us to a shuttle."

"Don't you already have one?" Mrac asked.

"Yes!  Indeed I do...  we'll take that one.  Come, Lalax." Hastings and Lalax went off to the shuttle.  Mrac and Natobr left the house.  They walked down the stairs from the door, and not long after reaching the bottom of the steps, the shuttle hovered over to them.  The front hatch opened, and Hastings' head poked out, as did Lalax's.

"Thanks, guys!  Hope to see you again!" Lalax said.

"Yes!  Many thanks for all your help!  Don't worry about the Ghetik, either, Mr. Natobr.  I won't be needing it any longer," Hastings said, and shut the hatch.  The shuttle blasted off into the sky.  Mrac and Natobr were left standing there, a mission accomplished.

"Whew.  What an adventure this was.  And it only took a few hours, didn't it?" Natobr stated.

"Yeah...  so, what happened in the jungle?" Mrac asked.

"Where do I start..." Natobr said, but before he could start, they heard a voice behind them.

"Your adventure has not yet ended, my friends," it said.  They both tured around.  They saw a strange looking man.  He looked human, but there was something that wasn't quite right...

"Who are you?" Natobr asked him.

"I am Sripchash, bringer of Savers' destruction."

*  *  *  *  *

Sripchash was a bit nervous standing here.  No Ejhklyos dared to get too close to the House of Hastings.  None of them knew exactly why, but they all felt a strange power emanating from the House.  It was a different kind of power, like nothing else, and they feared it.  He could feel it now, but he couldn't run away.  He had to fight, to destroy these Savers.  Master's orders.  And no matter what power was in the house, the Master's power was greater.

"Now wait a minute..." the one to the left side said, with leaves on his armor...  Hastings did have a jungle here, after all.  "'Savers' destruction'?" He turned to his friend.  "I think this guy's got something backwards."

"Yeah," the other one said, "he's a little weird, he thinks he can take us, and he's not even carrying a weapon.  Looks like a doofus to me."

"Insults, is it?" Sripchash said.  "I'm certain that they will not deter me, nor will your overconfidence.  I need no sword to fight you two.  I need only my hands and feet."

"Hand-to-hand fighter, eh?" the leafy one said, and pulled out his sword.  "What's say we take him on without the sword, then?" He threw it towards the house.  The other, taller, thinner one unsheathed his sword and threw it out as well.  They both assumed a stance, as did Sripchash.

"Ready to fight anytime, I see.  I like the ones that don't wait or stall too long," Sripchash said, and pounced on the tall one.  Strangely, he quickly punched Sripchash in the stomach and kicked over his legs, tripping him over.  Didn't hurt too much, but it was more than he was expecting.  He got back on his feet, and threw his fists at the tall one.  He aimed everywhere: head, torso, threw a few kicks at his legs, punched at his arms...  everything was blocked by the tall one.  The other, curly haired one, was still behind him.  He could sense it.  Unfortunately, he didn't sense that he would get punched in the back, and then kicked in the stomach by the tall one, and then pulled by the arm and thrown on the ground by the curly haired one.  Quite unfortunate, indeed.

He got back up again, and sent a flurry of punches at both Savers, each one being blocked.  How could this happen?  He was the best at hand-to-hand combat.  He didn't like using his sword at all...  but as he fought, he realized that these Savers were too good.  He finally kicked at the tall one's head, but he caught Sripchash's leg with both hands, and the curly haired one caught his arm, and they both began to pull.  The pain!

"Aaaarghh!" He flailed around his free arm and leg, in a futile attempt to hit either of them.  They only pulled harder.  Then, they threw him with all their might towards the house.  He landed on the front steps, on his back.  He collected himself and stood up.  He refused to use his sword, but he wasn't winning.  How could he win?  Wait...  the House.  It was the strange power from the House!  They were using it somehow.  He would never win this way.

"Had enough?" the curly haired one said.

"Hmmph.  An impressive display."

"The only thing impressive is you," the tall one said.  "I'm impressed that you talked yourself up so much, but couldn't go through with any of it."

"Yeah.  Wanna try the sword now?  Doesn't seem like you're very good without it," the curly haired one said.

"Indeed not.  I shall not use it.  But, you have forced me to do something I don't quite enjoy." He had to, though he quite disliked his true form.  He had to transform.  Otherwise, he would never win.  So he began...

*  *  *  *  *

Natobr had never seen anything like it.  It was unreal.  He started out as a sort of normal looking man, but then his skin turned all red and leathery, he grew a long tail, five horns grew out of his back, his hair grew really long, his teeth got long and shiny, his eyes were just whites, and he grew long claws from his hands and feet.  He still stood upright on two feet, but looked hideous.  This must be...  Them!

"Whoa," Mrac said.  "That's a Them, isn't it?"

"As far as I can tell..." he replied.

"What do we do?" Mrac asked.

"Get your sword, quick!" Natobr said, and dashed towards where he had thrown his sword.  Not that he wasn't confident in his own abilities at hand-to-hand fighting, but he had carefully watched where he had thrown it.  He picked it up quickly, just in time to see the Them, Sripchash, run at Mrac.  Good thing Mrac had gotten to his sword in time.  He saw Mrac swing his sword at the Them's head, but he caught it with his claws.  Natobr ran over and chopped at Sripchash's back.  His tail flew up and stopped the blow.  He thrust again, but the tail seemed to be very quick and prehensile.  It latched onto Natobr's sword.  He grabbed one of Sripchash's horns, and pulled.  Sripchash was startled for a second, and let go of both swords.  Natobr brandished his sword and hacked at the base of his tail.  It cut deep, but didn't slice off.  Sripchash sceamed, though, loudly, an unearthly, inhuman scream.  It sounded deathly.  It caught Natobr off guard.  Not Mrac, apparently.  He thrust at Sripchash's arm, at the shoulder.  He almost sliced it off!  Sripchash screamed again, and slashed at Mrac with his claws, scratching his face up.  Natobr then went for the second stab at the tail, wound up real big, and sliced it off with the second stroke.  Sripchash screamed even louder this time, and jumped away, but without his tail for balance, he fell over.  Mrac, with a bleeding face, ran towards him, swinging his sword as he went, and sliced down towards his chest.  At that point, something fell from his pocket onto the ground.  Sripchash's eyes went wide, he caught Mrac's sword, threw him over, and ran away as fast as he could, screaming as he went.

Natobr walked over to what Mrac had dropped and picked it up.

"What's this?" he asked.

"Oh," Mrac said, "some strange stone I found in Hastings' basement." He looked toward the direction Sripchash had run away to.  "I found a book explaining its powers, too.  Must be powerful enough to scare a Them away, at least."

"Yeah..." Natobr said.  "Don't think we could have killed him if you didn't have that.  That tail skin's pretty thin, but his armor looked really thick."

"Hmm." Mrac turned to Natobr. "So, you don't think my last swing would have done anything?"

"No," Natobr said, and thought, aloud, "Wow.  Who are we dealing with?"

*  *  *  *  *

Calik continued to walk along the desolate terrain of Celer V.  That Saver had run fairly quickly in the direction of the guard station.  It wasn't too far, so he would get there in good time.  As Calik walked, however, he could see someone running towards him, very quickly.  Was it the Saver coming back?  No, it looked like someone who was injured.  Oh no, Calik thought.  An Ejhklyos!  He readied his sword.  The Ejhklyos showed no signs of slowing, however, and looked not as if he was running towards Calik, but as if he was running away from something else.  He finally reached Calik, and slowed to a stop.  It was Sripchash.

"Calik!" he exclaimed, clearly out of breath.

"Hm.  Sripchash, what brings you here?"

"I have no time to play games with you, Calik!  There are Savers at the House of Hastings, and they have one of the stones!  They nearly took my life!"

Calik was shocked.  "You don't mean-"

"Yes, it seems as though not all of them have yet been purged.  It matters not, for I'll be going to report my failure to the Master." Sripchash sped off in the same direction he had been traveling.  Calik sped in the other direction, towards the Savers.  He could not fathom how they would have one of the stones, but he had to find out.  He felt no aversion to them, as the Ejhklyos did, but he knew they could be dangerous to anyone.

As he neared the House of Hastings, he saw two Savers walking away from it.  Interesting to see two Savers together, what with all he had seen in the past two days.  They appeared to be discussing something, and one of them, the tall, lanky one, was holding a glowing purple stone in his hand.  Sripchash had been right.  He called out to them.

"Savers!" he shouted.  They looked up at him, and immediately readied their swords.  "There's no need for that.  I simply wish to talk with you." They put their swords away, and after a moment or two they were close enough to converse without yelling.

"I hate to be rude, but who the heck are you?" the one without the stone said.

"I am called Calik," he said, bowing, "and I see you've run off one of the Master's cohorts."  The Saver who had just spoke looked at the other, then back at Calik.

"Um, yes, I guess you could say that." He looked to be at a loss for words.  "I guess I'll introduce myself.  I'm Natobr, and this is Mrac.  What brings you here?"

"That stone," Calik said, eyeing it very carefully.  The tall Saver, Mrac, finally looked up from staring at it.

"What, this?  Have you been looking for it?" the Saver asked.

"I had no idea it existed.  Now that I do, however, I suggest you leave it here, at this house.  It will most likely only bring you trouble." Truthfully, Calik wanted it for himself, but knew that nothing good would come of his possession of it either.

"Why?" Natobr asked.  "Looks like it's pretty useful against Them.  We could use it to our advantage."

"What do you truly know about that stone, Saver?" Calik asked him, as condescendingly as was possible.

"Hastings has a book in his library about it," Mrac said.  "At first, I couldn't read it, because it looked like it was written in ancient Cashriftian or something.  I used the stone with it, though, and I could read it.  The book said it has some amazing powers."

"Indeed," Calik said, "it has powers beyond imagining.  That's just the trouble.  Did you read the entire book, Saver?"

"No," Mrac said, "I didn't have time.  I just pocketed the stone and left.  I only looked over some of it.  Apparently it helps you understand ancient languages -"

"I'll tell you what it does," Calik said, cutting off the Saver, "it enhances all of your physical and mental abilities, including all five of your senses, your strength, dexterity, agility, intellect, understanding, and even your life span.  It can create things if need be, as evidenced by this house.  It has an incredible effect on nature, as evidenced by Hastings' jungle.  Its powers seem to be endless."

"Wow..." Natobr mused, "then what's so dangerous about it?"

"That is what is so dangerous about it, fool!" Calik roared, quite upset with the Saver's ignorance. "Besides enhancing all of your abilities, it intensely increases your greed and selfishness.  Perhaps you don't know this, but that stone, and others like it, brought about the destruction of an entire civilization." The Savers' eyes went wide, and they jumped back.

"What!  How is that possible?" Mrac said.

"You said that the book you found looked to be in ancient Cashriftian, correct?" Calik asked.

"Yeah, something like that," Mrac replied.

"So it seems the ancient Cashriftians knew of its existence.  Do they not teach you history on the Salvation?  Do you not know of the destruction of ancient Cashrift, and the purging of those stones by the reborn Fos Brasbif on Caijabjr?" Calik could see the Savers slowly realizing the meaning of his words.  After a short silence, Natobr spoke.

"What, Mrac, is he saying this is..."

"Exen," Mrac said.  "It must be a piece of exen.  I can't believe I didn't put it together."

"Yeah," Natobr said, "I'd never seen one until now, though.  Not even a picture...  But wait, weren't they all purged on Caijabjr, like you said?"

"I had thought so as well," Calik said.  "It seems not the case.  Hastings found this on Caijabjr, then?"

"No, in the library it said he found it on Friktak," Mrac replied.

"Hmm," Calik said, "perhaps colonization scattered them across the galaxy before they could all be purged.  It is uncertain.  One thing I know is certain, however: You mustn't take it from this house."

"We could do that," Mrac said, "but, Natobr, didn't Hastings tell Duncan to find Outsiders and take care of them here?  If we leave it here one of them will definitely find it eventually."

"Yeah," Natobr said, "it won't be safe here.  We'll have to bury it somewhere, or something..."

"No," Calik said, "even then, it will most likely be found by others.  It seems the only option is for you to take it."  A highly unfortunate situation.  It seemed best, however.

"Yeah it might be dangerous, but did you see how fast that Them ran?" Mrac said.  "And the look on his face..."

"A look of complete and utter terror," Natobr said.  "Amazing...  this thing may be dangerous, but it could be extremely useful against Them."

"Only if you heed my warnings," Calik said. "These stones are not to be trifled with, and neither are the Ejhklyos."

"The who?" Mrac said.

"Them," Natobr said. "Their real name is the Ejhklyos.

"Yeah?  Where'd you learn that?" Mrac asked.

"In school.  I told you, you didn't go to the right one." An impressive knowledge, Calik thought, compared to the other Savers he had met.

"What else do you know of the Ejhklyos, Saver?" Calik asked.

"Not that much," Natobr replied.  "Just like Captain Sgrith said, no one on the Salvation knows much about Them.  I only know the real name, and how to know if you've encountered one.  It's tough, since no one's seen their true form before, and lived."

"Well," Mrac said, "why didn't they tell that at Saver training?"

"What, their real name?" Natobr said.

"Yeah."

"I guess it's an insignificant detail, so they figured it didn't matter."

"Insignificant?" Calik said, annoyed.  "Perhaps.  But are you certain your Salvation trainers didn't leave out any other 'insignificant' details?"

"What do you mean?" Natobr asked.

"Perhaps the fact that the Master's Citadel, the Ejhklyos' central base, is located on this very planet?" The Savers gasped in shock.

"That's impossible!" Mrac said.

"How could they not know that?  That makes this place all the more dangerous," Natobr said, and scowled.

"Indeed," Calik said, now quite frustrated with the Salvation's Saver training program himself.  "It seems, also, that at least one, if not two, of your Savers has been captured and taken back to the Citadel."

"Right," Natobr said, now looking quite angry.  He looked over at Mrac.  "I know it hasn't been long since we left, but what's say we take a trip back to the Salvation?"

Mrac looked confused.  "Why?"

"To have a word with good old Cap'n Sgrith," Natobr replied.  "I want him to tell us everything he knows.  He must be holding something back."

"Yeah.  Ride back to the Junk Pile, then?" Mrac suggested.

"Yep." Both Savers jumped on their transports and started to leave.  Natobr stopped next to Calik.  "Thanks for the info, and the help.  Good luck with...  whatever it is you're up to."

"To you as well," Calik said, and the Savers rode off.  An interesting encounter, to say the least.  Calik wondered what would become of their conference with their superior.  Perhaps now the Savers would make more progress against the Ejhklyos.  His discussion with the previous Saver had caused him to think that he would perhaps be assisting the Savers in the future.  He would see.