"Dinner is served," a gruff and highly irritating voice said.  Rhotbronet heard the clang of metal as the dish of putrid smelling "dinner" was thrown into his cell and onto the cement floor.  The walls of his cell weren't extremely thick, though they were made of some heavy type of metal.  The door to his cell was quite thick, though.  It had a slot for the guards to speak to him, and to throw his food rations through.  There was only a small, insignificant lamp for light.  Besides that, the cell wasn't furnished in any way.  Rhotbronet sat on the floor, thinking about how to get out, and avoiding the food.  He heard the voice again, though this time it seemed to be speaking to another prisoner.  Perhaps there was someone in the cell next to him.  If he tried to speak to whoever it was, though, the guards would be angry.  He certainly didn't want that.  Therefore, there wasn't much of a way to organize a prison break.  They'd taken his sword, too, not surprisingly.  He kept asking himself why he decided to give himself up.

He sat there thinking for a long while.  Breaking out of the cell wouldn't be extremely difficult, but there was no way he'd get past the guards.  Even if he did get out of this place, he had no idea which planet it was on, or where he'd go from here.  Hope was in short supply.  Perhaps someone would save him.  It seemed strange for a Saver to need saving, though.

His eyes turned to the floor.  That's when he noticed the etchings in the cement.  Probably just some former prisoner that had been bored, or gone mad, and scratched something random.  It was a square configuration, with the numbers one through five running horizontally across the top, and vertically down the left side.  There was a line of letters after each number, the first line being "ABCDE," the second "FGHIJ," the third "LMNOP," the fourth "QRSTU," and the fifth "VWXYZ." Above the square was scrawled the word "TAP," and below it were the words "X BY Y, X BREAKS, C FOR K, POUND ENDS WORDS." A game, perhaps?  Some type of solitaire to pass the time?  No, at second glance, it looked more like a code...

Then he heard it: tapping, coming from the cell next to him.  At first, it seemed the prisoner was just tapping because he was bored.  Soon, however, Rhotbronet noticed a pattern.  He heard four taps, followed by four taps, then five followed by one, three followed by one, one followed by five, one followed by one, and three followed by two, then a sound like a quiet pounding of a fist.  He looked back at the ground.  It said "TAP" on top of the square.  It was a code after all.  The number of taps corresponded to the numbers on the square, the "x" coordinate first, then the "y." There was no letter "K" on the square, so "C FOR K" must mean "K" was replaced by the letter "C." The pounding sound must signal the end of a word.  Still, the message given by his neighboring prisoner didn't make any sense.  "TECVAH." He checked it again just to make sure, but it was right.  Tecvah?  Wait, now he was hearing a different pattern.  Two taps, then three, four and five, three and three, one and one, two and three, and five and one.  "MY/NAME," and "GIRL" soon afterwards.  Yes, of course, Tecvah was the name of the other prisoner, and she was a girl.  How that helped him, he couldn't be sure, but he had a connection and a way to communicate.  It took a while to formulate words, but time was not something they were short on.

It took him a while to tap his own name, as well as "BOY."  He had to look back at the square several times.  He got the hang of it pretty quick, though.  Soon afterwards, Tecvah tapped back "WHY/HERE." He tapped, "SAVER," and then "CAPTURED." It wasn't technically true, since he'd given himself up, but tapping a long explanation would be very tedious.  He then tapped, "AND/YOU." He despaired that the code did not include punctuation marks, and hoped Tecvah would understand.  She seemed to, and tapped back, "THEY/ATTACCED/CRESTIC." He had to remember that the letter "C" replaced the letter "K." It seems that she was from Krestik, and They attacked and abducted her.  It seemed strange that they would capture someone who wasn't a Saver, though.  Usually they just killed everyone.  She must be special.

"HOW/LONG/AGO," he tapped.  "FOURTEEN/YEARS," she tapped back.  She'd been here for fourteen years?  How could she survive here for that long?  "BEEN/HERE/THAT/LONG," he tapped back.  "JUST/FIVE," she tapped, and then, "FOUR/IN/ONE/XFIVE/IN/ONE/XFIVE/HERE." At first, he wasn't sure what to think of the stray letters, but then he saw the etching again: "X BREAKS." The letter "X" must signal the end of a sentence.  So, she'd been in one prison cell for four years, then another for five years, then this one for five years. 