The Folne:

The Folne is nothing, but it's still a thing.  It's a thing, but it's also a place.  It's a place, but it's also a force.  It's a force, but it's also an ability.  It's an ability, but it's knowledge.  It's nothing, but it's everything.

 It's emptiness.  It's a thing, but there's nothing in it.  It's a place, but no one can say exactly where that place is.  It can be found, but it can't necessarily be seen, and certainly can't be visited.

 

  The Fos Brasbif are the defenders of the Folne.  At least, that's what they were meant to be.  They became the overlords of the Co'ac, using the Folne to rule over them.  Some of them are stil benevolent, but most are not.  They hide the power of the Folne jealously away in their chambers in the southeast corner of the capital city.  At the same time, they don't use all of the power.  Those who attempt to harness the full power of the Folne are sent away.  We, the Outcasts.  We have created our own society away from the rest of the Co'ac.  we want to come back, but we know the only way to accomplish that is through conflict.  We don't want conflict.

 The full power of the Folne is harnessed when one has an idea, any idea, and throws it into the Folne with a force of the mind to rival all.  The Folne is emptiness, and so it throws it back out, but it's no longer an idea, it's fully formed.  An idea of a box thrown into the Folne comes back as a real box that one can touch and handle and put things in.  The Fos Brasbif despise those who use this power, although they, too, use it in limited ways, to create looking portals for spying on the populace and enforcing their will.  We can do that, too.  We can spy on them.  We do spy on them.  We are also looking for the boy that will help us to accomplish our ultimate goal.  A return to the Fos Brasbif of old.

Things are created "out of nothing" through accessing the Folne through a process of "pushing" against it. You access it, push it with your mind and your thoughts, and it pushes back. It's very "equal and opposite reaction." If you work hard enough to push an idea of an object into the Folne, you'll get that object back out. The secret is having a concrete enough mental image as well as enough control of where the object will end up. Without the second kind of control, it could end up on top of a faraway mountain or in your neighbor's soup. Or worse, your neighbor's throat.