CASHRIFT - THE GALAXY 
Outline:

FOLSTE:

Prologue: The dream of the BIRDS, FOS BRASHBIF introduction
Beginning: The PROFESSOR's introduction, explanation of creation techniques, FOS 
BRASHBIF opposition, assasination of IRGOF, attempt on PROFESSOR's life,  
movement to FOLSTE.
SECOND: MOLTIKUS Introduction, intelligence, arrogance, the whole picture.  
Introduction of ZRIN University, MOLTIKUS entrance into, at the very end.
THIRD: Introduction of THE BLUE ONE, discussion of FOS BRASHBIF's spying 
intentions, sending of him into the school.
FOURTH: Tests on FOLSTE after final students (including MOLTIKUS and THE BLUE 
ONE) enter school, MOLTIKUS Creates the EXEN for his test, PROFESSOR passes in 
great reluctance.  Beginning of creation of CASHRIFT.
LAST: Uncertain future for CASHRIFT, FOS BRASHBIF discuss.  MOLTIKUS initiates 
EXEN.  CLIFFHANGER TO...

Possibility:  Actually end Folste at the end of the experiment/period two, tell 
of Professor's, MOLTIKUS' actions and reactions.  Possible Blue One reference, 
reference to period three.

CASHRIFT:

[NISLORAK'S RECORD]

<original outline>
1 - Cashrift created by Zrins, powerful beings from beyond this galaxy.  No 
explanation for why has ever been discovered <BY PEOPLE OF CASHRIFT>
2 - First plants emerge, due to accelerated growth given them by the Zrins.  
Normal growth begins by 2.5
3 - First Cashriftian man emerged, due to accelerated growth given him by the 
Zrins.  Females soon followed.
3.5 - Animals emerge, by the same process as plants and men.  Zrins apparently 
leave the planet alone, and have never been seen again (see Nislorak's "Zrins: 
Myths and Mysteries" for more on Zrins).
150 - First Major Civilization emerges, and calls itself "Cashriftia," naming 
the planet "Cashrift." Its meaning has been lost, along with the ancient 
language it is derived from.
257 - Cashrift splits into many smaller separate soveriegn divisions.  Small 
wars break out over border disputes.
289 - Two of the larger sovereign divisions of Cashriftia (Which are called 
"trias") calling themselves Krinsia and Finlith, band together to form the 
Kriflith Empire.
317 - Kriflith creates its Master Army, and conquers much of Cashriftia.  Many 
are swayed by the "Prophet" Nistrona to join with the Kriflith in the name of 
his own creation, the "Church of Zorg."
354 - Mass exploration of Cashrift begins, but is ultimately ended by the Church 
of Zorg, which states that all must live in the "Motherland" alone, and not 
venture off into unknown, forbidden areas.
401 - Church of Zorg is destroyed from Within, exploration booms, the entire 
world is colonized, beginning the "Age of Unzorg."
409 - Nib Briftin I is born.
415 - Emperor of Kriflith allows many to secede from his Empire.  Eventually 
Kriflith is completely disbanded, though no one is highly affected.
469 - Nib Briftin I becomes king of Zarchlia, the largest Tria in Cashrift.  
Zarchlia prospers for many years.
473 - Nib Briftin II is born.  Mother is still unknown.
481 - Those calling themselves the "New Kriflith Army" attack Zarchlia.  
Thousands are killed in the years long war.  The NKA apparently looked to revive 
the old empire, but only succeeded in killing many. "Age of Zarchkrif" begins. 
<See Nislorak's "Beginning of the age of Zarchkrif" for more on the 
New Kriflith Army and its war on Zarchlia>
576 - Are of Zarchkrif ends, along with its war.  Those who survived either 
lived in farflung areas of the world and never got involved or were of the 127 
that built the city Braptif after the Zarchkrif truce.
578 - Braptif completed.  Population grows.  Those who live there insist on no 
government, but life runs smoothly.
582 - Nib Briftin II, some how still alive, fathers Nib Briftin III.  "Age of 
Rebirth" begins. <See Nislorak's "The Second Legend" for more on the exploits of 
Briftin II>
611 - Nib Briftin III, master swordsmith, and his apprentice, Kravdul, go on a 
journey to seek out new ores.  They find one that is especially durable, and 
make many swords of high quality from it.
626 - Nib Briftin III fathers Nib Briftin IV.  It is at this time that he forged 
his Four Great Swords, named for each of the Four Great Cities (Cashriftia, 
Kriflith, Zarchlia, Braptif).  Some say they are embued with magical powers. 
<See Nislorak's "The Four Great Swords" for more on Nib Briftin III's 
Swords.>
659 - Braptif becomes a flourishing kingdom.  Nib Briftin IV becomes king.  The 
Four Great Swords are lost, and no one knows where they ended up.
668 - Nib Briftin V is born, becoming the last of the Briftin Line.  Not much is 
known about his life. 
702 - Braptif collapses.  No large kingdom is ever seen on the face of 
Cashrift.  All Civilizations are small Trias, never having populations larger 
than a few hundred.  Art and science flourish, however.  "Age of Intelligence" 
begins. 
776 - After many years of peace, one man, calling himself "Nib Briftin VI" gets 
tired of it.  He falsely claims to be Nib Briftin V's son.  He stirs his tria up 
to war with the neighboring tria.  Massive war breaks out over lies and deciet 
from "The Sixth Son." It goes much farther than he anticipates, however, and 
destroys nearly the entire population of Cashrift.
819 - The Last War ends, with "The Sixth Son" dying at the hands of the last 
surviving soldiers.
822 - A new disease has sprung up during the war, making all Cashriftians 
sterile and unable to reproduce.  The last Cashriftian to die is Nib Nislorak, 
who writes the great histories of Cashrift in his book, "Cashrift - From Zrins 
to Briftins."


CAIJABJR

